Once upon a time there was a girl named Molly. Molly loved to draw! Every day she would take her pen and paper and try to make the most beautiful pictures. She was so excited to watch the ink swirling around the paper and make a masterpiece. But one day, the pen ran out of ink! Molly was so sad that she couldnât draw any more. Luckily, her mom was very persistent. She helped Molly make more ink for her pen. Molly was so happy that she jumped around and clapped her hands. Now Molly can make as many beautiful pictures as she wanted! She was filled with excitement and she couldnt wait to get started. Molly and her mom laughed and smiled. Molly was filled with gratitude to her mom for being so persistent and helping her to be able to draw. They hugged each other and Molly went back to creating the most amazing pictures. The End.Once upon a time there was a girl. She was very brave and always wanted to try new things. One day she decided to crawl up a big hill. As she reached the top she saw a bow. It was shiny and sparkly. She reached out to pick it up and when she did it made a fake noise. She was so surprised and laughed. She held the bow in her little hands and admired its beauty. She was so proud of herself for climbing up the hill and finding the bow. From that day on, she always kept the bow with her.Once upon a time there lived a bee. The bee loved to fly around outside in the fresh air. One day as the bee was flying, it saw a nice sunny spot. The bee liked the warm sun, so it flew down and relaxed. Suddenly, the bee heard a loud noise and felt a sharp pain. The bee was dead! The bee had been stung by a big bee. The bee was very sad it had died but it was happy it had been able to relax in the sun for a bit before it passed away. The other bees were sorry to hear that their friend was dead. They made sure to keep an eye out for any more bees flying around, so that they could stay safe. The lesson from this story is to relax and enjoy life, but also be careful.Once upon a time, in a small town, there was a nosy bunny named Bob. Bob liked to hop around and see what his friends were doing. One day, he saw his friend, a squirrel named Sam, looking sad. Bob asked, Sam, why are you sad? Sam said, I want to play with my ball, but it keeps rolling into the street. I dont want to get hurt. Bob thought hard and had an idea. He said, Lets build a little fence to prevent the ball from going into the street. They worked together and built the fence. It stopped the ball from rolling away. Sam was happy and said, Thank you, Bob! You have a big heart. They played together all day and had lots of fun. From that day on, Bob learned that being nosy can sometimes be helpful.There once were two friends, Alex and Tommy. One day it started raining and Alex wanted to go outside to play. But Tommy said that he had to stay inside. Alex was very sad. He wanted to play, but Tommy was so insistent that he had to stay inside. Soon, the rain stopped and Alex and Tommy looked outside. The sun was now shining, and not a single raindrop was available. Tommy then told Alex that he was right to make him stay inside. If they had gone out, they would have gotten very wet. This taught Alex a very important lesson sometimes it is better to stay indoors even if you really want to go out. If a storm is coming, it is better to be safe than sorry!One day, Mommy and Buster were in the living room. They were playing with a gray chair. Buster was making it spin around. Mommy said, Buster, please dont disturb the chair! Buster stopped and asked, Disturb? Whats that? Mommy said, It means when something moves too much and makes noise, its disturbing. Buster asked, But why cant I spin the gray chair around? Mommy said, Well, we dont want to disturb the other people in the house. We dont want them to be bothered by the noise. Buster thought for a moment and said, OK, I wont disturb the chair any more. He smiled and started playing quietly with his toys.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. He was very excited because it was his birthday. His mom and dad had planned a big party for him. But Timmy was very poor, and his parents couldnt afford to buy him any presents. Timmy didnt mind, though. He was just happy to be surrounded by his friends and family. During the party, Timmys friends played games and ate cake. But when it was time to open presents, Timmys parents realized they had forgotten the key to unlock the closet where they had hidden Timmys gift. Everyone searched and searched, but they couldnt find the key. Timmy was so sad that he didnt even want to blow out the candles on his cake. The party ended with everyone feeling very disappointed. It was a very bad birthday for Timmy.Once upon a time, there were two friends named Max and Spike. Max was a very happy little boy and Spike was a small, miserable little hedgehog. They often played together, which made Spike feel a little bit better. One day, when they were playing, Max started to poke Spike with a stick. Spike felt really angry and uncomfortable but said nothing. He just curled himself up into a ball and stayed still. Max kept poking and poking at Spike until Spike started to cry. He knew he had to do something to stop Max from feeling so miserable. He started to wiggle around and use his spikes to protect himself from Max poking. Max was very surprised that Spike was protecting himself and he quickly stopped. Then he asked Spike Why did you do that? Spike said Because I dont want anyone to be miserable, Max. Then Max realized how wrong he had been. Max and Spike hugged each other and from that day, they never poked each other again. They were the best of friends.Once there was a little dog named Max. Max loved to run and play all day long. But one day, Max got very tired and needed to rest. He found a cozy spot under a tree and lay down to take a nap. While Max was resting, he saw a bird flying above him. The bird accidentally dropped some ink on Maxs nose! Max was surprised and didnt know what to do. He tried to lick the ink off, but it didnt come off fast. Maxs owner came over and saw the ink on his nose. She gently wiped it off with a cloth. Max was happy to be clean again and went back to resting under the tree.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. He was three years old and every day he was full of energy and laughter. One day, Tim was playing with his friends in a field, when he saw an arrow in the grass. Curious, he picked up the arrow and stared at it, pointing it towards his friends. Its a magic arrow! one of Tims friends, Jessica, exclaimed. Tim loved the idea, and the two decided to play a game with the arrow. Jessica said if Tim held up the arrow and pointed it at someone, they would have to do whatever they said. Tim thought this was a great idea, and pointed the arrow at a friend. However, the friend refused, and Tim got angry. He started to yell and said his friend was being selfish. Seeing his reaction, Jessica laughed. She then suggested that they forget the game, and share the arrow. She said that if Tim and his friends shared the arrow, everyone would get to enjoy it. Tim thought about it for a moment, then smiled and agreed. He realized that sharing was the best way to make everyone happy. From then on, Tim and his friends shared the arrow, always laughing and having a good time.There was a giant in the forest. He was so big and so tall that he could look over the trees. He was an enormous giant! One day, a baby bunny came to the forest. He wanted to peek at the giant, but he was scared he might get into trouble. He hid in the grass and peered through the leaves to peak at the giant. The giant didnt even know he was there. The bunny saw the giants enormous feet, and decided he had seen enough. He hopped away and ran back home to his family, thankful he had been able to peek at the giant without getting into trouble.Once upon a time there was a hairy bear. He loved to climb up and down the tall trees near his home. One day, he spotted a shiny diamond on the ground and he thought to himself, That diamond is sure nice! He wanted it for himself, so he quickly shut his eyes and wished for it. Then, all of a sudden, the diamond turned into a magical butterfly and flew away! The bear sighed and opened his eyes. Just then, he heard a voice calling out from behind him. It was a little girl! She asked the bear, Did you want this? Its my diamond! She held up a shiny diamond and smiled at the bear. The bear was so happy and thanked the little girl. The little girl smiled and said, Its mine to share. Lets play together. So the bear and the little girl played together for the rest of the day. They laughed and ran around, chasing the magical butterfly and exploring the tall trees. At the end of the day, they hugged and said goodbye. The bear went back home with a big smile on his face and the little girl went home with her shiny diamond.Tim and Kim were twins who liked to play with kites. They had many kites of different colors and shapes. One day, they saw a fancy kite in the store. It was big and shiny and had a long tail. They wanted to buy it, but it was too expensive. They asked their mom and dad to buy them the fancy kite, but they said no. They said they already had enough kites and they should be happy with what they had. Tim and Kim were sad and angry. They thought their mom and dad were mean and unfair. The next day, they decided to sneak out of their room and go to the store. They took some money from their piggy bank and ran to the store. They bought the fancy kite and hid it in their backpack. They were very happy and excited. They wanted to fly the fancy kite in the park. But when they got to the park, they saw a big problem. The wind was too strong and the fancy kite was too heavy. They tried to fly the fancy kite, but it kept falling and crashing. They tried to fix it, but it was too hard. They started to cry and regret. Then they saw their mom and dad coming. They had followed them to the park. They were very worried and angry. They scolded Tim and Kim for being dishonest and disobedient. They took the fancy kite and the money and said they would return them to the store. They said they were very disappointed and sad. Tim and Kim felt very sorry and ashamed. They realized they had made a big mistake. They hugged their mom and dad and said they were sorry. They said they learned their lesson. They said they didnt need the fancy kite. They said they loved their mom and dad and their other kites. Their mom and dad forgave them and hugged them back. They said they loved them too and they were proud of them for being sorry. They said they could still play with their other kites, but they had to be careful and respectful. They said they hoped they would be more grateful and happy with what they had. The moral of the story is Be honest and obedient, and be happy with what you have.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a unique teddy bear that she loved very much. One day, Lilys little brother took her teddy bear and wouldnt give it back. Lily was very upset and cried. Lilys mom saw her crying and asked what was wrong. Lily told her that her brother took her teddy bear and wouldnt give it back. Her mom asked her brother to give back the teddy bear, but he refused. He said he wanted to play with it. Lilys mom had an idea. She went to the bathroom and got a razor. She showed it to Lilys brother and said, If you dont give back the teddy bear, I will settle this with the razor. Her brother got scared and gave back the teddy bear. Lily was happy to have her teddy bear back and hugged it tightly.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside with her friends. One day, she got very tired and needed to rest. She sat down on the grass and closed her eyes. Suddenly, she heard a loud noise. It was her friend, Max. He was shouting, Lets play tag! But Lily was too tired to play. She said, No, Max. I need to rest now. Max didnt understand. He said, Why are you so lazy? You always want to rest. Lily explained, Im not lazy. I just need to rest so I can be healthy and play later. Max understood and said, Okay, Ill rest with you too. And they both sat on the grass, counting the number of clouds in the sky.Once upon a time, there was a rabbit named Benny. Benny loved to eat radishes from the garden. One day, he found a big radish and started to eat it. Suddenly, he felt funny and started to shrink! Benny became so small that he was the size of a toy. He cried out for help and his friend, a mouse named Molly, heard him. What happened, Benny? asked Molly. I ate a big radish and now Im tiny! Benny replied. Molly felt sorry for her friend and said, Dont worry, Ill help you find a way to grow big again. They went to see the wise owl who lived in the tree. The owl told them that Benny needed to eat a special mushroom to grow big again. They found the mushroom and Benny ate it. Suddenly, Benny grew big again and was back to his normal size. He thanked Molly and the wise owl for their help. From that day on, Benny never ate too many radishes again.Once there was a little girl. She was so excited because she was going to her first day of school. She was in a very big class, with lots of other children. The teacher was very nice and showed them around the classroom. Everyone was so happy. The teacher said it was time to start, so they all sat down. Then the teacher asked everyone to clap. So the little girl and all the other children clapped and it was so loud. The teacher said it was time for a break, so everyone went outside to play. There was a huge playground with lots of fun things to do. The children laughed and clapped and had a great time. When it was time to go home, the little girl was so sad to leave. But she knew she would be coming back the next day and couldnt wait to see her new class again.Once upon a time, there were two shapes that were different. One was yellow and the other was blue. The two shapes wanted to understand each other, but they couldnt. They soon became friends and smiled at each other. The blue shape thought the yellow shape was pretty and the yellow shape thought the blue shape was funny. They decided that they should try and understand each other better. So, they played together and made games out of their different shapes! They laughed and had lots of fun. In the end, the two shapes understood each other better.Tim and Sue are twins. They like to play in the park. One day, they see a big bag on a bench. They are curious. They want to see what is in the bag. They walk to the bench. They open the bag. They see a lot of balloons. They are happy. They like balloons. They take some balloons out of the bag. Suddenly, they hear a loud voice. It is a man. He is angry. He says, Hey, those are my balloons! Give them back! Tim and Sue are scared. They drop the balloons. They run away. The balloons rise in the air. They fly away. The man is sad. He says, Oh no, my balloons! Come back! Tim and Sue are sorry. They did not know the balloons were his. They hide behind a tree. They watch the balloons go up and up. They hope the man will find his balloons. They say, Sorry, mister. We did not mean to take your balloons.Once upon a time there was a nice swan. It lived by the lake. Every day it would swim in the lake. One day the swan was flying around the lake. Suddenly, it lost its balance and fell into the lake. The swan splashed and kicked its legs to stay afloat. A little nearby girl saw what happened and ran over to the lake. She asked the swan in a worried voice Are you okay? The swan replied, Yes, I am okay. Thank you for asking. And then it swam away. The girl was happy to see that the nice swan was safe.One day, a little girl went outside to her backyard. She saw there was something special waiting for her! It was a pale kite with a big, colorful ribbon attached to it. She couldnt wait to start flying it! The little girl opened the ribbon, grabbed the kite, and held it close to her. She took it to the edge of the backyard and tried to tie the ribbon to a stick. But she couldnt do it all by herself. She looked around and saw her big brother and asked him for help. Her big brother smiled and took the ribbon from her. He quickly tied it around the stick and then held it up in the air for the little girl. She smiled, holding one end of the kite in each hand. She looked up into the sky and the kite was twirling and dancing in the wind! The little girl was so happy she had so much fun flying her new kite in her backyard!Once upon a time, there was a big, big dog. He was so huge that he could barely fit in his doghouse. One day, he saw a cartoon on TV and he loved it so much that he sat there for hours and hours watching it. But then, his owner had to leave and turn off the TV. The dog was sad that he couldnt watch his favorite cartoon anymore. But then, he remembered that he had a big bone to chew on, so he left the TV room and went to his doghouse to enjoy his bone. The end.Lily and Ben went to the park with Mom. They saw a big pond with many ducks and swans. Lily liked the swans. They were white and graceful. She wanted to feed them some bread. Mom, can I give some bread to the swans? Lily asked. Sure, but be careful. Dont go too close to the water. And dont throw the bread too hard. The swans might get scared, Mom said. Lily nodded and took a piece of bread from Mom. She walked slowly to the edge of the pond. She saw a swan swimming near her. She smiled and tossed the bread gently to the swan. The swan caught the bread and ate it. It looked happy. Thank you, swan! Lily said. The swan nodded and swam away. Lily looked for another swan to feed. She saw one that was hidden behind some reeds. It was smaller than the other swans. It looked shy. Hello, swan! Do you want some bread? Lily called. The hidden swan peeked out from the reeds. It saw Lily and the bread. It wanted the bread, but it was afraid of Lily. It stayed behind the reeds. Come on, swan! Dont be scared. I wont hurt you. I just want to be your friend, Lily said. She threw the bread closer to the hidden swan. The hidden swan saw the bread. It was hungry. It decided to try the bread. It swam out from the reeds and took the bread. It tasted good. Thank you, Lily! The hidden swan said. Lily was surprised. She didnt know that swans could talk. Youre welcome, swan! Whats your name? Lily asked. My name is End. Im the last of my family. The other swans left me because Im different. I can talk, but they cant, End said. Thats sad, End. But youre not alone. You have me. Im your friend. And youre not different. Youre special, Lily said. End smiled. He felt happy. He had a friend. Thank you, Lily. Youre special too. Can I stay with you? End asked. Of course, End. You can stay with me. Come on, lets go to Mom. Shell like you too, Lily said. She took Ends wing and led him to Mom. Ben saw them and was amazed. Wow, Lily! You have a talking swan! Ben said. Yes, Ben. This is End. Hes my friend. Can he play with us? Lily said. Sure, Lily. He can play with us. Hi, End. Im Ben. Nice to meet you, Ben said. Hi, Ben. Nice to meet you too. Youre Lilys brother, right? End said. Yes, I am. Youre very smart, End, Ben said. Thank you, Ben. Youre very kind, Ben, End said. Mom saw them and was shocked. Lily, Ben, whats going on? Whos this swan? Mom asked. Mom, this is End. Hes a talking swan. Hes my friend. Can he stay with us? Lily said. A talking swan? Thats incredible. How did you find him? Mom asked. He was hidden behind some reeds. He was lonely. I gave him some bread. He thanked me. He told me his name. He asked me to be his friend. I said yes. Hes very nice, Mom. Please, can he stay with us? Lily said. Mom looked at End. He looked at Mom. He nodded. Hello, Mom. Im End. Im a talking swan. Im Lilys friend. Can I stay with you? End said. Mom was speechless. She didnt know what to say. She looked at Lily and Ben. They looked at Mom. They smiled. Please, Mom. Please, they said. Mom sighed. She smiled too. Okay, okay. You can stay with us, End. But only if you promise to be good and not make too much noise. And you have to share the bread with the other swans. Deal? Mom said. Deal, Mom. Thank you, Mom. Youre very nice, Mom, End said. Lily, Ben, and End hugged Mom. They were happy. They had a new friend. A talking swan. His name was End. But his story was just beginning.Once upon a time there was a very sad boy. He was always very sad because he had a secret that no one else knew. This secret made him suffer very much. His secret was hidden away deep inside his heart and he never wanted anyone to find it. One day the boy went to the store and bought a special lotion. It was a magical lotion that was said to give a person strength when they were sad. So the boy decided to try it and see if it helped his suffering. He opened the bottle and ran the lotion all over his body. He laughed as he felt the healing power of the lotion work its magic. He felt happiness and relief from the secret he had been keeping for so long. The boy was so thankful for the lotion that he went around and told everyone about it. Everyone was amazed at the power of this lotion to help him. Finally, his secret was hidden no more.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. He loved to sail on his toy boat in the bathtub. One day, he asked his mom if he could sail his boat in the big lake. His mom said, Be patient, Timmy. Youre not big enough yet. Timmy was sad, but he waited and waited. Finally, he grew big enough to sail his boat in the big lake. He was so excited! The day was perfect the sun was shining and the water was calm. Timmy sailed his boat for hours, but then the wind picked up and the waves got bigger. Timmy didnt know what to do. Suddenly, a big wave came and flipped his boat over. Timmy tried to swim, but he couldnt. Sadly, he drowned in the lake. The end.Once there was a prune. He was very delicate and could talk. One day, the prune heard a voice. It said Hello! Who is there? The prune was scared but brave, so he answered Im Prune. Who are you? The voice said My name is Bird. Where are you? The prune replied Im in a tree. Bird said I can help you if you want! Prune replied Yes please! I want to get down! Bird hopped over and told Prune Jump onto my back and hang on tight! Prune was brave and did what Bird said. When he jumped, he felt a strange sensation. But soon enough, Prune was on the ground. Thank you Bird! said Prune. Youre welcome, replied Bird. Be careful next time delicate Prune!Once there was a boy named Rob. He was a curious little boy who loved exploring. He was always asking his mom and dad questions. One day, while exploring in his backyard, Rob heard a strange noise. He followed the noise until he found a big pile of waste. Rob was sad to see so much waste, he wanted to make it original again. He thought and thought, until he had an idea. Rob found some boxes and started making something. With lots of hard work and creativity, Rob made an interesting toy out of the waste. He was very proud of himself. Now, every time he hears the strange noise in the backyard, he remembers his original creation made from waste.Sara liked to play with her dolls. She had many dolls, but her favorite was Lily. Lily had a pink blouse and long hair. Sara liked to brush her hair and change her clothes. One day, Sara saw her brother Tom in her room. Tom was holding Lily and laughing. He said, Lily is smelly. She needs a bath. He ran to the bathroom with Lily. Sara was angry. She did not want Tom to wash Lily. She knew that water would ruin her blouse and her hair. She wanted to prevent Tom from doing that. She ran after him and shouted, Stop! Give me Lily! Tom did not listen. He turned on the faucet and put Lily under the water. Sara saw Lilys blouse get wet and her hair get tangled. She cried, No! You are mean! You hurt Lily! Sara grabbed Lily from Tom and hugged her. She glared at Tom and said, Go away! You are not my friend! She ran back to her room with Lily. She tried to dry her blouse and comb her hair. She hoped that Lily would be okay. She said, Im sorry, Lily. I love you.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the sunshine. One day, she was picking daisies in the field when she saw her friend Ben coming towards her. Hi Lily! said Ben. What are you doing? Im picking daisies, replied Lily. Do you want to help me? Ben nodded and they picked daisies together. Suddenly, Lily had an idea. Lets throw the daisies up in the air and see where they land! she said. So, they threw the daisies up in the air and watched as they floated down to the ground. Lily felt calm and happy as she watched the daisies dance in the wind. After they finished playing, Ben said, That was so much fun! Lets do it again tomorrow! Lily smiled and nodded. She couldnt wait to play with her friend again and throw more daisies in the air.Once upon a time there was a soldier. He was very tall and he was always ready to go and help. But one day, he realized he was feeling very sad. He didnt know why he felt so sad and he didnt know what to do. He thought and thought and then he decided to take a walk. As he was walking, he came across a beautiful lake. He couldnt resist and he started to fill up his bucket with the water. He filled and filled until the bucket was completely full. When he stopped to take a break, he noticed that the lake had become very full. He saw that his bucket had filled the lake. He smiled and felt better. He knew he had helped fill the lake and he felt proud that he had done something useful. His sadness soon went away and he was happy again. The tall soldier was very happy and so was everyone else in the village.Once there was a bird who loved to fly. He flew above the trees and up into the sky. He felt free as he soar in the air. One day while he was flying he saw a match on the ground. He wondered how he could get to it. Suddenly he had an idea! He swooped down and picked it up with his beak. He took the match to an organized area and made a game of it. He used sticks and leaves to make a track. He put the match on the track and then flew quickly around it. The match twirled around and around, zig zagging back and forth. The bird had a lot of fun watching the match fly!Once upon a time there was a frog. He was very messy, with dirt on his head and ribbit everywhere. He wanted to talk but he didnt know how. He hopped around looking for someone to talk to. He hopped through the forest and over the stream. He hopped past the trees and the bright flowers. Suddenly he saw a little girl. She was in her garden playing with her toys. The frog hopped right up to her. He opened his mouth and said ribbit. The girl was so surprised! She smiled and said hello frog!. The frog was so happy that he could talk. They talked and talked all day. They talked about the flowers, and the birds, and the trees. The frog never wanted to leave. The little girl and the frog were the best of friends.Once upon a time, there was a daisy. It was a very thin daisy. The daisy was sad because it was so thin. One day, it started to rain. The rain was very soft, and soon it was over. The daisy was happy! Its thin stem started to grow and soon it was very strong. Every day it grew a bit bigger, until it was a tall daisy with lots of happy petals. All of the petals were very bright and colourful. The daisy was so happy. Everyone said it was the happiest daisy that ever grew!Once upon a time, there was a big elephant. He was very heavy and had a long trunk. One day, he was walking in the jungle when he saw a small mouse. The mouse was very scared and asked the elephant for help. The mouse told the elephant that he needed to cut some cheese, but his knife was broken. The elephant felt sorry for the mouse and decided to help him. He used his strong trunk to cut the cheese into small pieces. The mouse was very happy and thanked the elephant. He said that he would never forget the kind elephant who helped him in his time of need. From that day on, the elephant and the mouse became good friends and they would often play together in the jungle.Once upon a time, there was a big, strong, and reliable tree. It lived in a forest for many, many years. The tree had lots of little seeds that it would scatter every year. The little seeds would grow into new trees. One day, a little squirrel named Sammy came to the tree. Sammy loved to play on the trees branches. The tree liked Sammy, too. The tree told Sammy about its seeds that it would scatter soon. Sammy was excited and wanted to help. The tree and Sammy made a plan. When the time came, Sammy would help scatter the seeds. The day came, and Sammy took the seeds and ran all around the forest. He scattered the seeds far and wide. Soon, new trees began to grow, just like the big, strong, and reliable tree. The forest became a beautiful place, and Sammy and the tree were very happy.Once upon a time, there was a happy boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play outside and run around with his friends. One day, Timmys mom made him a yummy sandwich with healthy fruits and vegetables. Timmy ate it all up and felt very strong and healthy. Later that day, Timmy and his friends went to a park to play. They saw a man with a big truck full of coal. The man was working hard and Timmy and his friends wanted to help. They clapped their hands and cheered for the man, making him smile. After helping the man, Timmy and his friends went back to playing. They had so much fun and Timmy felt proud of himself for being a good helper. When it was time to go home, Timmy hugged his friends and said goodbye. He went home feeling happy and tired from all the fun he had that day.Once upon a time, there was a cute little girl called Lily. She liked to play outside every day. On one very sunny day, Lily decided to go jogging. She ran and ran until she came to a big market. But when she got there, Lily was not happy. The market was very ugly! Lily wanted to go home, but she did not know the way. She didnt have any grownups to help her. So she started jogging again. She ran and ran until she saw a familiar big tree. Then she knew the way home. She was so happy! Lily jogged all the way home. When she got there, her mum and dad were very proud of her. They gave her a big hug and said she was a brave little girl. Then, she played happily outside until it was time to go to bed. The end.Once there was a girl named Mary who was ready to go for a walk. She put on her shoes and grabbed her mamas hand. As they walked, she saw a bright green butterfly floating in the air. She smiled and pointed excitedly at it with her thumb. When they reached the park, she ran to the playground. She skipped over to the swings and sat down. Mama leaned down and pushed her higher and higher until she felt like she was flying with the butterfly. At the pond, Mama showed her a new kind of bird. Together they watched it swim away. Then it was time to go home. Mary was ready for a nap and a snack. She held her mamas hand and they walked home, smiling the whole way.Once there was a little girl who loved to bake. She was a very unusual baker and made some of the most delicious treats! One day, the little girl and her mom decided to make a special treat for her friends. They mixed up some fruits, chocolate and a secret ingredient to make a yummy cake. The little girl was so excited she could hardly wait to bring it to her friends. She wanted to share it with everyone and asked her mom if she could be a dancer too! Her mom said yes and the little girl started to dance. She twirled and spun and did all kinds of unusual moves! When she got to her friends house, she presented them with the cake. Everyone was so impressed that they all wanted to try a piece. The little girl was so happy that her baking and dancing made her friends so happy. It was a really special day!Once upon a time, a wise owl and a silly monkey were playing together in the jungle. The owl was very good at games, but the monkey was not. They decided to play a game of twist and turn. The owl twisted and turned his body in funny ways, and the monkey tried to copy him. But the monkey kept falling down and laughing. After a while, the monkey got frustrated and said, Im not a good player like you, Mr. Owl. Can you teach me how to be better? The wise owl replied, Of course, my dear friend. Lets practice together every day, and soon you will be the best player in the jungle! And so, they continued to play and practice together, twisting and turning until the monkey became a very good player too. The end.One day, a little girl named Lily went out to play. She saw a delicate flower that was very pretty. Lily wanted to help the flower grow, so she thought of giving it a shower. Lily ran inside her house and got a small cup. She filled it with water and went back outside. She gave the flower a gentle shower with the water in the cup. The flower seemed to smile and say thank you to Lily. Every day, Lily would give the flower a shower. The flower grew bigger and more beautiful. Lily was happy that she could help the flower. The flower was happy too, and they became best friends.Zoe likes to count. She can count to ten with her fingers. She knows zero is when you have no fingers up. She likes to hold zero in her hand and pretend it is a ball. One day, Zoe goes to the park with her mom. She sees a big slide. She wants to go on it. She holds zero in her hand and runs to the slide. She climbs up the steps and sits on the top. But then she feels scared. The slide is too high and too fast. She wants to go back down. She cries and calls for her mom. She squeezes zero in her hand. Her mom hears her and comes to the slide. She tells Zoe to be calm and brave. She says she will catch her at the bottom. She says zero will help her too. Zoe listens to her mom. She takes a deep breath and lets go of the slide. She slides down and feels the wind in her hair. She smiles and laughs. She lands in her moms arms. She hugs her mom and shows her zero. She says zero is her friend. Her mom says she is proud of her. They go to play some more.Lila and Ben were playing in the sand. They liked to make shapes and animals with their hands and buckets. Lila was very creative. She made a big castle with towers and flags. Ben made a long snake with eyes and teeth. But then, a big boy came and kicked their sand shapes. He laughed and ran away. Lila and Ben were sad and angry. Their sand shapes were broken and messy. Why did he do that? Lila asked. She did not understand why someone would be so mean. I dont know, Ben said. He did not like the big boy. They looked at their sand shapes. They wanted to fix them, but they did not have enough sand. Maybe we can make something else, Lila said. She had an idea. What? Ben asked. He liked Lilas ideas. Lila pointed to some shells and rocks on the beach. We can use these to make new shapes. They are harder and prettier than sand. The big boy cant break them. Ben smiled. He thought that was a good idea. He followed Lila to the shells and rocks. They picked some and started to make new shapes. They made a star, a flower, a fish, and a heart. They were happy and proud of their work. They did not let the big boy ruin their fun. They were creative and smart. They had a good time playing in the sand.Once upon a time, there was a little girl called Ann. She was three years old and was learning lots of new things. One day Anns mum said that it was time for Anns first party. Ann was so excited and put on her best fit dress. At the party Ann learnt lots of new things. She learnt how to dance, play games and sing songs. She also learnt how to make friends. Ann had so much fun at her party that she didnt want it to end. But eventually it was time to go home. Ann went home feeling happy and fit. She wanted to have another party soon because it was so much fun to learn all those new things.Ben and Lily were best friends. They liked to play in the park, read books, and share snacks. One day, Ben had to move to a new house far away. He was sad and so was Lily. Will you write to me? Ben asked Lily. Yes, I will. I will mail you letters and pictures. And you will mail me too, right? Lily said. Of course. You are my loyal friend. I will never forget you, Ben said. They hugged and said goodbye. Ben got in the car with his mom and dad and waved to Lily. Lily waved back and watched them drive away. The next week, Lily got a letter from Ben. She was so happy. She opened it and saw a drawing of them in the park. Ben had written I miss you, Lily. You are my loyal friend. I hope you like my picture. Love, Ben. Lily smiled and ran to her mom. Look, mom, Ben mailed me a letter. He drew us in the park. He misses me, she said. Thats very sweet, Lily. Do you want to mail him a letter back? her mom asked. Yes, please. Can I draw him something too? Lily asked. Sure. What do you want to draw? her mom asked. Lily thought for a moment. She remembered that Ben liked umbrellas. He had a blue one with stars on it. He always said it made him feel like he was in the sky. Lily decided to draw him an umbrella. She got her crayons and paper and drew a big blue umbrella with stars. She wrote Hi, Ben. I miss you too. You are my loyal friend. I drew you an umbrella. I hope you like it. Love, Lily. She put the letter in an envelope and gave it to her mom. Can we mail it now? she asked. Sure, honey. Lets go to the mailbox, her mom said. They walked to the mailbox and Lily put her letter inside. She hoped Ben would get it soon and like her umbrella. She felt happy that she had a loyal friend like Ben.Once upon a time, there was a chubby little girl named Lily. She loved to eat pastries, especially chocolate ones. One day, Lilys mom baked a big chocolate pastry for her to eat. As Lily was about to take a bite, she looked out the window and saw dark clouds in the sky. She knew it was going to rain soon. Lilys mom said, Dont worry, well eat the pastry inside where its dry. Lily ate the pastry and it was delicious. Then, just as her mom predicted, it started to rain outside. Lily was happy she didnt have to eat her pastry in the rain. She hugged her mom and said, Thank you for keeping me dry and giving me yummy pastries!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to sing and dance, but she was very shy. One day, her mommy gave her a notebook to write down her thoughts and feelings. Lily loved her notebook and started to write in it every day. One sunny day, Lilys mommy took her to the park. They saw a tall tree and Lily wanted to climb it, but she was too scared. Her mommy told her to take a deep breath and remember what she wrote in her notebook. Lily remembered that she wrote that she wanted to learn how to climb a tree. Lily took a deep breath and started to climb the tree. It was hard at first, but she kept going. When she reached the top, she felt very proud of herself. She wrote a note in her notebook that said, I learned how to climb a tree today! Lily was very happy and felt very thin, like a feather in the wind.Once upon a time, there was a stubborn cat named Tom. Tom loved to sit on the porch all day. He would watch the birds and the bugs. One day, a little girl named Lisa came to play with Tom. Tom, lets play! Lisa said. But Tom was stubborn and did not want to play. He just sat on the porch, watching the birds and the bugs. Lisa tried to make Tom play, but he would not move. Finally, Lisa had an idea. She took a ball and threw it near the edge of the porch. Tom saw the ball and wanted to catch it. He jumped off the porch to get the ball. But, Tom did not see a big hole in the ground near the porch. Tom fell into the hole and could not get out. Lisa was sad and cried. She called for help, but no one came. The stubborn cat stayed in the hole and never got out. The end.Once there was a little girl named Abigail. She was very excited because her mom had a big surprise for her. Abigails mom went to the freezer and got two bags of ice. She put them in the box and kept them hidden. Abigail was very curious, so she asked her mom what was inside the box. Her mom said, Youll have to wait until later to find out! Abigail waited until later when her mom opened the box. Inside was a big bowl full of ice cream! Abigail was so excited that she started to jump up and down. She quickly grabbed a spoon and started to eat. Abigail loved the ice cream so much that she asked if she could keep the rest of it. Her mom agreed and told her to keep the box in the freezer. Abigail was very happy and carefully put the box back in the freezer. Now she can enjoy a cool treat whenever she wants!Once upon a time, there was a little girl, named Jenna. Jenna was very curious. She was always looking for new things to explore. One day, she found a little olive tree. She asked her mom what it was and her mom told Jenna it was an olive tree. Jenna was so excited. She wanted to explore it more. Jenna tried to pick an olive off the tree, but the tree was stubborn and wouldnt let her. She tried and tried, but she eventually gave up. Then Jenna saw something strange. There was a crack in the trunk of the tree. She bent down to take a peak and noticed something inside. It was a little box! Jenna tried to open it, but it was too hard. Right then, her grandpa came over. Let me try, he said with a smile. He opened the box and revealed a necklace inside! Jenna was so happy and excited to see the beautiful necklace.Once upon a time, there was a bunny named Benny. Benny loved to eat carrots. One day, Benny went to the garden to find some carrots to eat. But it was raining and the ground was wet. Bennys feet got wet too. Benny heard a sound and looked around. He saw a bird whistling on a branch. Benny tried to whistle too but he couldnt. He wanted to be able to whistle like the bird. Benny found a big carrot and started to eat it. He felt happy and forgot about the rain. He knew that he couldnt whistle yet, but he felt proud that he found a yummy carrot.Bob was feeling frustrated because he wanted to go out. He wanted to wear his favorite jacket but it was too cold. He looked out of the window and observed how the air was very cold. He looked around and saw that his friends were all wearing jackets. He was so frustrated that he decided to go outside without his jacket. He opened the door and went out. The cold wind hit him and he wished he had brought his jacket. He began to shiver and he started crying. He was so cold that he had to go back home. When Bob opened the door he realized he had lost his key. He was so frustrated and disappointed because he could not get back in the house. He had to spend the night outside and he felt so cold. Bob learned an important lesson that day and never went out without his jacket again.Once upon a time there was a boy called Tom. Tom loved mud. Every day Tom would go outside and play in the mud. He loved feeling the mud between his fingers. One day, Toms mum said, Tom, you need to be more humble. Tom was confused. He asked, What is humble? His mum explained, Humble means not thinking that you are better than anyone else. It means being kind and gentle. Tom thought about this. He decided that he still wanted to play in the mud. So he had an idea. Tom said, Mummy, I will be humble while I play in the mud. I will use the mud to make a cake and share it with my friends. His mum smiled and said, Yes, that is a good way to be humble while still playing in the mud. And so, Tom loved playing in the mud and sharing it with his friends. His mum was so proud of him.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, Lily woke up early and saw the sun rise in the sky. She said, Mommy, the sun is up! Can we go to the park today? Mommy said, Yes, Lily. We can go to the park. But first, we have to get ready for an event. Lily asked, Whats an event, mommy? Mommy explained, An event is like a party. We are going to see our friends and have fun together. But dont worry, its going to be easy and fun. Lily smiled and said, I cant wait for the event! But first, lets go to the park and play on the swings.Once upon a time, there was a rough monkey. Every day, the monkey would try to find ways to work. He wanted to help people, and make them happy, so that made him very excited. One day, he saw a small, red wagon on the side of the road. He ran over and asked the wagon if he could help. The wagon said, âœYes, please! You can pull me down the street.â So, the monkey grabbed the wagon with his strong hands, and he worked. He pulled and he pulled until he was tired, but he was so happy to help the wagon. The wagon thanked him and said, âœYou worked very hard today. Thank you for all your help. You are a very special monkey!â The monkey smiled and knew that he had made someone happy. And he was happy too.Once upon a time there was an adventurous elephant. This elephant loved exploring wild places. One day, when the elephant was walking through the forest, he came across a rubber. He wanted to take it home to show his friends, so he stretched out his trunk to pick it up. Suddenly, a little bird swooped down from the sky. Please dont take the rubber, the bird said. The rubber belongs to everyone and everyone should share it. The elephant thought about this for a moment and then slowly put the rubber down. The little bird smiled and said, Thank you. It teaches us all an important lesson to always be kind and share with one other. The elephant smiled and thought to himself, sharing really is a wonderful thing. He took one last look at the rubber before heading back into the wild.Once upon a time, there was a fish named Nemo. Nemo was an independent fish who loved to swim around in his fish tank all day. One day, Nemos tank got too hot and started to burn. Nemo didnt know what to do, so he just kept swimming. As the tank got hotter, Nemo started to feel sick. He tried to swim away, but he was too weak. Eventually, Nemo couldnt swim anymore and he died. The end. Remember, its important to take care of your pets and make sure their homes are safe. Dont let them get too hot or they might get hurt.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Anna. She was very excited because it was almost time for her birthday party. She looked at the clock, it said five oclock. Anna started to hurry. She put on her pretty purple dress and her delicate white shoes. Then she ran to the kitchen. Mom was busy getting the party ready. She had put up decorations and was in the middle of baking a big birthday cake. Anna couldnt wait for her friends to arrive so they could all eat cake. But then the clock struck six. âœOh no!â Anna exclaimed. She hurried back to her bedroom one more time to grab her special birthday present. In the bedroom, Anna found the present a beautiful, delicate doll from her mom. She smiled and held it close. And just in time, her friends started to arrive. They all played together, ate cake, sang and opened presents. Anna was so happy it was the best birthday ever!One day, a little dancer named Lily went to the park. She saw a big, crazy bird near a tree. The bird was jumping up and down and making a lot of noise. Lily thought it was funny and wanted to play with the bird. She walked closer and said, Hi, bird! Do you want to play with me? The bird looked at Lily and said, Oh, Im too heavy to play. I cant fly or dance like you. I need help to weigh less. Lily felt sad for the bird and wanted to help. She said, Dont worry, bird. I will help you. We can eat healthy food and exercise together. Lily and the bird started to eat fruits and vegetables. They also danced and played in the park every day. After some time, the bird weighed less and could fly again. The bird was so happy and said, Thank you, Lily! Now I can fly and play with you. Lily and the bird became best friends. They played and danced together in the park all the time. The other kids saw them and wanted to join in the fun. Everyone learned that eating healthy and exercising can make you feel great and have more fun. The moral of the story is that helping others can make you feel happy and make new friends. Also, eating healthy and exercising is important for everyone.Once upon a time, in an ordinary town, there lived a cat named Max. Max was tired of following the law. He wanted to escape and have fun. One day, Max saw a small hole in the fence. He thought, This is my chance to escape! Max went through the hole and found a big world outside. He met another cat named Sam. Max said, I escaped from my ordinary home. Lets play and not follow the law. Sam agreed, and they played all day long. But, as the sun went down, Max and Sam got lost. They could not find their way back. They were very sad and scared. Max wished he had not escaped and followed the law. Now, Max and Sam were lost, and they could not go back to their ordinary homes.Once upon a time, there was a popular little boy named Sam. And he had a box. Sam packed his box with butter. He wanted to take the butter to school to share with his friends. Sam tried to carry his box, but it was too heavy. He tried to ask his mom to help him, but she was away at work. So, Sam decided to get help from his neighbor. He walked to his neighbors house and knocked on the door. His neighbor opened the door and asked him what he wanted. Sam asked his neighbor to help him carry the box of butter to school. The neighbor said he would help, but only if he could have some of the butter. Sam was sad. He didnt want to share the butter, but he didnt have any other choice. So, he agreed to share the butter. Then, his neighbor carried the box of butter to school. When he arrived at school, Sam realized that his neighbor had taken all of the butter. He felt so sad and angry. Sam had no butter left to share with his friends. Sam learned never to trust someone too easily, especially when it comes to sharing his special treats.Once upon a time, there was a big snowman. He was enormous and had a carrot nose and coal for eyes. One day, the sun came out and it got warm. The snowman started to melt! His nose fell off and his eyes disappeared. As the snowman melted, he started to get smaller and smaller. He knew that he would soon pass away. But then, something amazing happened! The snowmans melted body turned into water and flowed into a nearby river. The water carried the snowmans melted body downstream until it reached the ocean. The ocean was so big and blue, and the snowmans water body was now a part of it. Even though the snowman had melted away, he was still a part of something great and beautiful.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. He loved to play with his toys and talk on the telephone with his mommy. One day, Timmy decided to build a tall tower with his blocks. He stacked them up higher and higher until it was as tall as him! His mommy called him on the telephone and asked what he was doing. I create a big tower! Timmy exclaimed. Wow, that sounds amazing! his mommy replied. Can you show me on the telephone? Timmy held up the telephone to the tower and his mommy could see how tall it was. Thats so cool! she said. Youre so creative, Timmy. Timmy felt proud of himself for creating something so tall and showing his mommy on the telephone. From that day on, he loved to build tall towers and share them with his mommy on the telephone.Lila and Ben were waiting for their dad to come home. They liked to play with him and tell him what they did at school. They heard a car stop outside and ran to the door. Dad, dad, you are here! they shouted and hugged him. Hello, my sweeties, I missed you so much! dad said and kissed them. Did you have a good day? Yes, dad, we did. We learned about colors and shapes and animals. Look, I made this picture for you. It is an orange cat with a blue hat. Do you like it? Lila said and showed him her drawing. I love it, Lila, it is very pretty and creative. You are a smart girl. And what about you, Ben? What did you do? dad asked and looked at Ben. I played with blocks and cars and puzzles. I made a big tower and a fast car and a funny puzzle. See, this is my tower. It is very tall and strong. Do you like it? Ben said and pointed to his tower. I like it, Ben, it is very impressive and clever. You are a smart boy. You both make me very proud and happy. How about we go to the kitchen and have a snack? I brought some oranges for you. They are juicy and sweet. Do you want some? dad said and smiled. Yes, dad, we want some. We love oranges. They are yummy and good for us. Thank you, dad. You are the best dad ever! Lila and Ben said and followed him to the kitchen. They ate the oranges and talked and laughed. They were a happy family.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to read the newspaper with her mommy every morning. One day, she saw a unique bird outside her window. It had bright colors and a long tail. Lily couldnt stop looking at it, and she blinked a few times to make sure it was real. The next day, Lily went for a walk with her daddy. They saw a puppy with a big tongue and wagging tail. It was so cute and unique! Lily blinked again, and the puppy licked her face. Later that week, Lily went to the park with her friends. They played on the swings and slides. Suddenly, Lily saw a shooting star in the sky. She blinked and made a wish. She wished for more unique and wonderful things to see in the world.One day, Sam and Lily went to the park with Mom. They saw a big slide, a swing, and a sandbox. They wanted to play with everything. Sam ran to the slide and climbed up the ladder. He saw many shapes on the slide. There was a circle, a square, a triangle, and a star. He liked the star the best. He slid down the slide and shouted, Whee! Lily followed Sam and climbed up the ladder too. She saw the shapes on the slide and smiled. She liked the circle the best. She slid down the slide and giggled, Yay! Then, something funny happened. The shapes on the slide changed color. The circle became red, the square became blue, the triangle became yellow, and the star became green. Sam and Lily were surprised. They looked at each other and said, Wow! They wanted to see what would happen next. They climbed up the ladder again and slid down the slide. The shapes changed color again. The circle became purple, the square became orange, the triangle became pink, and the star became brown. Sam and Lily were amazed. They looked at each other and said, Cool! They had so much fun sliding and watching the shapes change color. They wondered who made the slide so magical. They thanked Mom for taking them to the park. They said, We love the slide and the shapes!Once upon a time, there was a farmer who had a mule. The mule was very strong and helped the farmer with the work in the fields. One day, the farmer wanted to take the mule to a new field, but the road was not safe. The farmer put the mule on a cart and started to drive. Suddenly, the cart hit a big rock and turned over. The mule was scared and ran away. The farmer was sad because he lost his mule, but he knew he had to find it. The farmer looked everywhere for the mule, but he couldnt find it. Finally, he saw the mule in a safe place. The mule was happy to see the farmer and they went back home together. From that day on, the farmer made sure to always take a safe road with the mule.Tim and Amy were playing in the garden. They saw a big hole in the fence. They wanted to see what was on the other side. They crawled through the hole and found a big road with many cars. Wow, look at all the cars! Tim said. They are so fast and loud! Lets go closer and touch them! Amy said. She ran towards the road. No, Amy, stop! Tim said. It is not safe! The cars can hurt you! But Amy did not listen. She ran across the road. A car honked and braked. Amy was scared and fell down. The car stopped and a man got out. Are you okay, little girl? the man said. What are you doing here? Where are your parents? Amy started to cry. She was hurt and ashamed. She had done a bad thing. She wanted to go back to the garden. Tim ran to Amy and hugged her. He was also scared and ashamed. He had followed Amy to the road. He had not stopped her. Im sorry, mister, Tim said. We were playing in the garden and we saw the hole in the fence. We wanted to see the other side. We did not mean to escape. We did not know it was dangerous. The man was angry and worried. He picked up Amy and carried her to the fence. He called for help. He told Tim and Amy to stay there and wait for their parents. He said they were very lucky and very naughty. Tim and Amy felt very bad. They wished they had not gone through the hole. They wished they had listened to Tim. They wished they had not escaped. They learned a lesson. They said sorry to the man and to their parents. They said they would never do it again.One day, Susie was at the beach. She saw something that was very beautiful pretty shells on the sand. Then, Susie saw something else. It had tiny legs and eyes. She asked her mom what it was. Her mom said it was a shrimp. Susie was very excited. She wanted to pick it up and take it home. Her mom said it was too small, so instead they went to the store and bought a bigger, nice one. When they got home, Susie wanted to put the shrimp in her special aquarium. She put the shrimp in and said goodbye to the pretty shells she had found at the beach. Susie was very happy. She got to replace the shells with a beautiful shrimp!Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lily. She loved to bake with her mommy. One day, they decided to make a cake. Lily helped her mommy pour the flour and sugar into the bowl. She also cracked the eggs and mixed everything together. After they finished baking the cake, they wanted to eat it. But mommy said they couldnt until daddy came home. Daddy had the license to cut the cake. So they waited patiently. When daddy finally came home, he cut the cake into slices. Lily took a bite of her slice and made a funny face. It was bitter! Mommy and daddy tasted it too and agreed. They forgot to put sugar in the cake! But they still ate it and laughed about their mistake.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, her mom said it was time to take a bath in the bathtub. Lily wasnt very enthusiastic about taking a bath, but she knew she had to be clean. So, she got in the bathtub and started to splash around. But then, her mom asked her to wash her hair. Lily didnt want to, so she just shrugged her shoulders. Her mom said, Come on, Lily, its important to be clean! Lily thought about it and decided to wash her hair after all. She felt proud of herself for being a good listener.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lucy. She was a very happy girl. One day, she was walking along the beach and she saw a big wave. She smiled and ran to the wave. She waved her arms in the air and said, âœhello wave!â The wave seemed to repeat her words. She thought this was very useful and smiled even bigger. She kept repeating her words to the wave and she made silly faces too. The wave kept repeating her words and making her smile. The wave was a very useful friend to Lucy. Wherever she went, the wave followed. They had lots of fun together, talking and waving to each other. The end.Lily and Tom were playing hide and seek in the park. Lily was the seeker and Tom was the hider. Lily counted to ten and then opened her eyes. She looked around and saw many trees, flowers, and benches. Where could Tom be? She walked slowly and quietly, trying to find Tom. She heard a giggle behind a big bush. She smiled and ran towards the bush. She peeked behind it and saw Toms red shirt and blue jeans. Found you! she shouted. Tom jumped out of the bush and laughed. You are good at seeking, Lily! he said. But I have a surprise for you. Come and see! He took Lilys hand and led her to a corner of the park. There was a fence with a sign that said Do not enter. Tom pointed to a hole in the fence. Look through there, he said. Lily looked through the hole and gasped. She saw a white horse with a long mane and a horn on its head. It was eating grass and flowers. It was a unicorn! Lily had never seen a unicorn before. She thought they were rare and magical. Wow, Tom, how did you find it? she asked. I saw it yesterday when I was walking with my dad. He said it was a secret and we should not tell anyone. But I wanted to show you, because you are my best friend. Do you like it? Tom said. I love it, Tom! It is so beautiful and amazing! Thank you for showing me! Lily said. They watched the unicorn for a while, feeling happy and curious. They wondered if it could fly or talk or grant wishes. They decided to name it Sparkle. They agreed to keep it as their secret and visit it often. They felt like they had found a treasure.Once upon a time, there was a little girl. She was three years old, and her name was Mia. Mia was at home with her mom, and it was time for the mailman to come by. Mia was very scared when the mailman knocked on the door. Her mom opened the door, and the mailman handed her a big stack of mail. Mias mom thanked him, and the mailman said goodbye. Mias mom put the mail on the kitchen table, and Mia wanted to go look at it. She slowly crept up to the table and grabbed a letter that had her name printed on it. She was so excited! Mias mom saw her daughter sitting at the table, and asked her if she wanted to help her deliver the mail. Mia shouted Yes! and grabbed the mail. She went to each mail box in the neighborhood and put the mail inside. Mia was so proud of herself. She had done an important job, and she couldnt stop smiling. She felt brave and strong. The end.Once upon a time, in a little house, there was a wise old owl. The owl lived near a big fireplace. Every day, he would gather wood to keep the fire burning. One day, a little girl came to visit the owl. She said, Mr. Owl, can you help me find my way home? The owl looked at her and said, Yes, little girl, I can help you. But first, lets gather some wood for the fireplace. They went outside and picked up wood. The little girl was happy to help. They put the wood in the fireplace, and the fire grew big and warm. As they sat by the fire, the wise owl told the little girl how to find her way home. Follow the path by the big tree, and you will find your house, he said. The little girl thanked the owl and went on her way. She followed the path and found her house. She was happy to be home and grateful for the wise owls help.Lily and Ben are friends. They like to play in the park. One day, they see a big temple. It is very old and has many stones. Wow, look at that! Lily says. Can we go inside? I dont know, Ben says. It looks scary. Maybe there are ghosts. Lily is not afraid. She wants to see the temple. She runs to the door. Ben follows her, but he is slow. Come on, Ben! Lily calls. It is fun! They go inside the temple. It is dark and quiet. They see many pictures on the walls. They are of people and animals and stars. What are these? Ben asks. I think they are stories, Lily says. Maybe the people who lived here long ago made them. They walk around the temple. They see a big room. In the middle, there is a tall statue. It is of a man with a beard and a hat. He has a stick in his hand. Who is he? Ben asks. I dont know, Lily says. Maybe he is a king or a god. They stand in front of the statue. They look at him. He looks at them. Hello, Lily says. The statue does not answer. It does not move. Maybe he is sleeping, Ben says. Maybe, Lily says. They are quiet. They hear a noise. It is a bird. It flies into the temple. It lands on the statues hat. Shoo, shoo! Lily says. Go away! The bird does not listen. It pecks at the statues hat. It makes a hole. Uhoh, Ben says. The statues hat falls off. It breaks on the floor. The statues head cracks. Uhoh, Lily says. They hear a loud rumble. The temple shakes. The stones fall. Run! Ben says. They run to the door. They are fast. They get out of the temple. They are safe. They look at the temple. It is broken. It is sad. Im sorry, Lily says. Me too, Ben says. They hold hands. They go back to the park. They play with their toys. They are happy.Once upon a time, there was a tall giraffe named Jerry. Jerry loved to play sport with his animal friends. They would run and jump and have so much fun together. One day, they decided to play with water. Jerry had a special spray bottle that he used to cool himself down when it was hot outside. He sprayed his friends with water and they all laughed and played together. From that day on, they made sure to always have fun playing sport and spraying each other with water. The end.Tom and Sam are friends. They like to play with balls and nets. They have a big net and a small net. They want to see who has the bigger net. Tom says, I have the bigger net. Look, it is longer and wider than yours. Sam says, No, you dont. My net is bigger. Look, it has more holes and it is heavier than yours. They start to argue and pull each others nets. They are angry and loud. Mom hears them and comes to see what is wrong. She says, Stop, boys. Why are you fighting? You can share your nets and play together. Tom and Sam say, But we want to know who has the bigger net. How can we tell? Mom says, You can measure your nets. You can use a stick or a rope or a tape. You can see how long and how wide and how heavy they are. Then you can compare them and see the difference. Tom and Sam think that is a good idea. They find a stick and a rope and a scale. They measure their nets carefully. They see that Toms net is longer and wider, but Sams net has more holes and is heavier. They realize that their nets are different, but they are both good. They say, Sorry, Mom. Sorry, friend. We were silly and mean. We dont need to fight. We can play with both nets and have fun. Mom says, Thats right, boys. You can be happy with what you have and respect what others have. You can learn from each other and share your things. That is what friends do. Tom and Sam hug Mom and each other. They take their nets and go to play. They are not angry anymore. They are happy and kind.Once upon a time, there lived a boy named Jack. Jack had a special toy that he loved to play with. Every day, Jack would have fun with the toy, until one day it disappeared. Jack was so angry and he wanted to find it. Jack asked his mom what happened to the toy. His mom said she didnt know and she suggested Jack go and ask his neighbour, Mrs Jones. Jack knocked on Mrs Jones door. When she opened the door Jack demanded, Wheres my toy? Mrs Jones thought for a moment and then said, Oh I remember! I saw a bird fly away with the toy in its beak. It went into the deep forest. Jack knew that the forest was far away and he was scared. He looked up at his mom and said, I want to go, but Im scared. His mom smiled and held Jacks hand tight. She said, Dont worry, Im here and we can go together. Jack felt a bit better yet he was still scared. Finally, Jack and his mom made it to the deep forest. Suddenly, Jack heard a chirp and there was the toy! Jack was so happy he ran to get it and hugged the toy tight. He said, I never want to lose you again! Jack and his mom went back home. From then on, Jack kept his toy close because he knew he would neverOnce upon a time there was a brave little boy named Max. Max lived by the sea. Every day he would go to the beach and watch people surf the waves. Max really wanted to try surfing so he asked his mom if he could give it a go. No, Max, she said, surfing is too dangerous for you. But Max was a brave little boy and he didnt want to give up. Please, he begged, just this once? Maxs mom finally agreed. Max was so excited he put on his rash guard and climbed out onto his surfboard. The waves were bigger than he expected and he started to feel a little scared. But then he noticed a big wave coming and he realized that he could do this! Max started paddling with all his might and soon he was up and riding the wave. It was the most amazing feeling! Max caught wave after wave and kept surfing until the sun started to go down. As Max climbed off his board he realized that he had been wrong to think surfing was dangerous. He had instead found a new way to enjoy the beach. From that day forward, Max was hooked on surfing.Once there was a nice boy. His name was Tim. He loved to read. Every day he would read a new book. One day he decided to read outside. There, he saw a tree. On the tree were lots of cherries. They were so juicy and red, and they looked so nice! Tim asked the tree if he could pick one of the cherries. The tree said yes, so Tim carefully picked one. He smiled as he ate the cherry. It was sweet and tasted so good! After finishing the cherry, Tim put the pit in the ground and watered it. Then he went back to his book and continued to read. And the cherry tree was still there, waiting for more fruit to come.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to draw and design things. One day, he drew a picture of a big, high wall. His mom saw the picture and said, Wow, Timmy, youre such a good artist! Did you design that wall all by yourself? Timmy smiled and said, Yes, I did! I want to build a big, high wall like that someday. His mom replied, That sounds like a great idea, Timmy. Maybe we can build a wall together in our backyard. Timmy was so happy and excited to hear that. He couldnt wait to start building his big, high wall with his mom.One day, a taxi was driving down the street. It was very organized and clean inside. The taxi driver, Tom, loved his job and always made sure his taxi was perfect for all the people who rode in it. As Tom drove, he saw a big bird soar high up in the sky. He pointed to the bird and said to the little girl in the back seat, Look, the bird is soaring so high! The little girl looked up and smiled. She liked to see the bird fly. Tom stopped the taxi at a park. The little girl got out and said, Thank you, Tom! She ran to play with her friends. Tom watched her go and felt happy. He loved his job and helping people get where they needed to go.Once there was a small puppy who was so playful. She loved to run around and have fun. One day, the puppy wanted to explore and find something new. She trotted through the forest, sniffing and snorting at the different plants and animals she found. Suddenly, she heard a strange tapping noise coming from the ground. She looked all around but couldnt see where it came from. She slowly crept closer and found a small rock trying to get away. The puppy chased the rock and managed to catch it. She happily raced back to her family with the rock in her mouth. Once she returned, the puppy proudly showed her family the rock. Her family weighed it in their hands and noticed it was very light. They explained to her that the rock wasnt valuable. The family told her that in life, not everything that looks special will be important or turn out to be what you thought. The puppy nodded and thought about this for the rest of the day. Later on, the puppy found a large bone and picked it up. This time she remembered what her family said and decided to carefully check it before getting too excited. After a quick inspection, the puppy was happy to find out that the bone was very valuable. She happily snuggled up with it. The playful puppy learned that day that sometimes not everything that looks special turns out as expected, and it pays to weigh up the risks before taking too much excitementOnce upon a time there was a duck. He was weak and alone. He wanted a friend. He went to a pond and he saw a lot of ducks. He quacked at them, but they were too busy to pay attention. He was sad. Then he had an idea. He took a big leaf and he swam really fast. He made a big wave. He took a lot of the water and put it in the leaf. Then he put in some mud from the bottom of the pond. He mixed it all together. The weak duck threw the mix into the pond. All the ducks stopped and looked. Then he smiled. The mix had made bubbles and the other ducks loved it. They started to play in the bubbles. The weak duck was so happy he had made a way for the other ducks to have fun. He quacked and they quacked back. Now he had lots of friends.Once upon a time, there was a young squirrel named Sammy. Sammy loved to run around and collect nuts to eat. One day, Sammy was running so fast that he almost crashed into his friend, Benny the bunny. Benny said, Hey Sammy, why are you in such a hurry? Sammy replied, I need to get to the nut tree before the other animals do. I want to collect as many nuts as I can. Benny said, Well, be careful not to trip and fall. You dont want to lose all your nuts. Sammy thanked Benny for the advice and continued to speed towards the nut tree. When he got there, he saw that all the nuts were gone. He was sad and disappointed. But then he remembered what Benny said and realized he still had the nut he had in his pocket. He was happy to have at least one nut to eat. From then on, Sammy learned to slow down and enjoy the journey, not just the destination.Once upon a time there were two creatures, one was a fluffy Bunny and the other a Slinky Snake. The Bunny said to the Snake, Lets go bouncing! The Snake answered, Yes lets bounce! So they hopped on the ground and bounced so high that they reached the underground. But the Snake saw how the Bunny was better at bouncing and got jealous. He said to the Bunny, My bouncing is better than yours! The Bunny replied, Smilely, There is enough bouncing for both of us! This made the Snake so happy that he bounced even higher than the Bunny, and for a long time, the two of them bounced around the underground filled with joy.Once there was a small girl. She was only three years old. She had a microphone and she loved to poke it and make noise. One day, she poked the microphone too hard and it hurt her. She started to cry. Her mom saw what had happened and came to help. She gave the little girl a hug and said she was sorry it hurt. Then she took the little girl and the microphone outside to play. They sang and danced and even used the microphone to talk to each other! The little girl was so happy that the microphone didnt hurt anymore.One day, Milly took her pet dog, Spot, for a walk. Spot was so excited that he started to wag his tail, which made the collar shake. Milly said, Whats gotten into you, Spot? You act like you never saw a collar before! Thats why its so unique. Spot ran up and down the street, shaking his collar. Suddenly, a car drove by too fast and a tire hit Spot. The car didnt stop, and Milly started to cry. Milly hugged Spot, who didnt move anymore. His unique collar was forever still.Once there was a little boy. His name was Joe. One day Joe went outside to play. It was a nice day and there were leaves everywhere. Joe liked to collect the leaves. But as Joe was walking, he heard a bad sound. He looked all around and couldnt see anything. He heard the sound again. Joe followed the bad sound and found a cat. The cat was stuck in a tree and it was crying. Joe wanted to help the cat, so he grabbed a big leaf. He threw the leaf and the cat was able to use it to jump down. The cat was very happy and thanked Joe before running away. Joe was glad he could help the cat. He went back home and told his mom all about his adventure.Emma and Leo were best friends. They liked to play in the park every day. They liked to swing, slide and run. They also liked to look for bugs and flowers. One day, they saw a big mosquito on a leaf. It had long legs and a pointy nose. Emma thought it was adorable. She wanted to touch it. Look, Leo, a mosquito! she said. It is so cute! Leo did not think it was cute. He thought it was scary. He remembered that mosquitoes could bite and make you itch. No, Emma, dont touch it! he said. It is not cute, it is mean! But Emma did not listen. She reached out her hand to the mosquito. The mosquito saw her hand and flew away. Emma was sad. She missed the mosquito. Come back, mosquito! she cried. I want to be your friend! Leo hugged Emma. He tried to make her feel better. Dont cry, Emma, he said. There are many other bugs and flowers to play with. Maybe we can find a butterfly or a ladybug. They are more adorable than a mosquito. Emma wiped her tears. She smiled at Leo. OK, Leo, she said. Lets go find a butterfly or a ladybug. They are more adorable than a mosquito. But I still miss the mosquito a little bit. They held hands and ran to the other side of the park. They forgot about the mosquito and had fun. They were still best friends.Once upon a time, a little girl named Lily went to the park. She wore a pretty dress and a pink belt around her waist. She saw a boy playing with a ball and went to talk to him. Hi, my name is Lily. Whats your name? she asked the boy. My name is Max. Do you want to play with me? Max replied. Lily nodded and they started playing together. They had so much fun that they both laughed and ran around lively. After a while, Lilys mom called her to go home. I had so much fun playing with you, Max. Lets play again tomorrow! Lily said. Sure, Ill see you tomorrow! Max replied. Lily went home happy and told her mom all about her new friend Max.One day, Timmy was out in his backyard and decided it would be fun to explore. He started digging in the dirt and all of a sudden, he discovered something unexpected! It was a purple sauce! He smiled because the sauce was a surprise, and it was his favorite color. Timmys mom came over and asked him what he had found. Timmy said excitedly, I found some purple sauce! His mom laughed and said, Thats great! Lets have a picnic and add the purple sauce to our sandwiches! So, Timmy and his mom had a picnic and added the purple sauce to their sandwiches, and it was delicious. They had a fun time and Timmy enjoyed his special discovery.Lily and Ben were at the cinema with their mom. They wanted to see a funny movie with animals. Mom bought them popcorn and juice. They found their seats and waited for the movie to start. Shh, be quiet, mom whispered. The movie is starting soon. Lily and Ben nodded. They liked popcorn. They put some in their mouths and crunched. It was salty and yummy. They drank some juice. It was sweet and cold. The movie was very funny. Lily and Ben laughed a lot. They saw a dog, a cat, a bird, and a mouse. They did silly things and made funny noises. Lily and Ben liked the dog best. He was clumsy and cute. But then, something bad happened. Ben spilled his juice on his lap. He gasped and felt wet and sticky. He tried to wipe it with his napkin, but it was too late. The juice dripped on the floor and made a puddle. Oh no, Im sorry, Ben whispered. He looked at mom. He hoped she was not angry. Mom smiled and hugged him. Its okay, Ben. Accidents happen. Dont worry. We can clean it later. Just enjoy the movie. Ben smiled back and hugged mom. He felt better. He reached for more popcorn, but he was clumsy too. He knocked over the popcorn bag and it fell on the floor. The popcorn scattered everywhere. Oh no, not again, Ben whispered. He looked at Lily. He hoped she was not mad. Lily giggled and helped him pick up the popcorn. Its okay, Ben. Its just popcorn. We still have some left. Here, have some. Ben thanked her and took some popcorn. He felt happy. He had a nice mom and a nice sister. He liked the cinema. He liked the popcorn. He liked the movie. He laughed again and watched the dog. He was clumsy and cute, just like him.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Jenna. Jenna liked to dress up in her mamas clothes. One day she put on a pair of mamas pants that were way too big for her! She looked at herself in the mirror and began to giggle. Suddenly she heard a loud whisper coming from the pants! Jenna was scared so she quickly took them off and threw them on the floor. When Jennas mom came in the room, she asked Jenna why the pants were so dirty. Jenna admitted that she had been wearing them. Her mom was disgusted and scolded her! She said, âœYou canât go putting on my clothes when Iâm not around!â Jenna was sad and said she was sorry. Her mom gave her a hug and said, âœLetâs put these disgusting pants in the laundry.â So Jenna put the pants in the laundry basket, and together she and her mom went to do the laundry. From that day on, Jenna never snuck into her moms closet again!Once there was a little girl called Daisy who wanted to be a princess. She loved pink and wanted to be surrounded by it all of the time. One day her mom came in with a big box from the store. Daisy ran up to it and carefully opened it. Inside was a pink crown with feathers and glitter. Daisys eyes opened wide with surprise! She was so delighted that she put it on straight away. However, soon Daisy started to realize that the crown was a bit fake. She asked her mom, Is this crown real? Her mom smiled and said, No, Daisy, its not real. But even if it isnt real, you can still trust in the feeling it gives you. You dont need a real crown to feel like a princess. Daisy smiled. She knew that was true. Even though the crown was fake, it still made her feel special. She decided to trust in that feeling. And so Daisy proudly wore her fake pink crown and became the princess she always wanted to be!Once upon a time there was a girl named Jane. She was very happy and excited because she was going to bake something. She got all the things together that she needed. She started to mix ingredients in a big bowl. She put in flour, sugar, eggs and butter. Then she added some fancy buttons as a special surprise. When the mixture was ready, she put it in the oven and set the timer for 20 minutes. She waited patiently for the timer to beep. When the timer beeped, Jane was so excited she could hardly contain herself! She took the tray out of the oven and could see the cookies were golden and smelled very yummy. She had made the most fancy and delicious cookies. She couldnt wait to share them with her friends. They were so happy and that made Jane even more excited! The end!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to travel to new places with her family. One day, they went on a trip to the beach. Lily was so happy because she loved the beach. She ran to the sand and started making a sandcastle. Suddenly, Lilys mom said, Lily, I have a perfect idea! Lets do a puzzle together! Lily was excited and said, Yes, please! They sat down and started working on the puzzle. It was a picture of a beautiful beach with lots of people having fun. While they were working on the puzzle, Lilys dad said, We have to travel back home soon. Lily was sad because she didnt want to leave the beach. But then her parents said, Dont worry, we can come back another day. Lily smiled and felt happy again.Ben and Lily were playing with balloons in the park. They liked to blow them up and tie them with strings. Then they would throw them to each other and catch them. Throw me the red balloon, Ben! Lily said. OK, Lily, here it comes! Ben said. He threw the balloon fast and hard. But the balloon did not go to Lily. It went to a big dog that was running in the park. The dog saw the balloon and jumped to catch it. Pop! The balloon burst in the dogs mouth. The dog was surprised and scared. It barked loud and ran away. Ben and Lily were also surprised and scared. They dropped their other balloons and ran to their mom. Mom, mom, a dog popped our balloon! they said. Mom hugged them and said, Its OK, my loves, it was just an accident. The dog did not mean to pop your balloon. He was just playing too. Maybe we can get you some more balloons later. Ben and Lily nodded and smiled. They were not mad at the dog. They still liked balloons and dogs. They just wanted to play with them in a different way.Once upon a time, there was a boy. His name was Jack. He liked to play with his toys. One day his mommy said, Let us get a tank Jack! Jack was so excited! He wanted to have a tank and said, Yes! They went to the store and Jack found the perfect tank. He wanted it so badly. His mommy said, We will get it if you are obedient. Jack was very obedient. He said, Okay Mommy. So his mommy said, Lets get it. Jack had the best tank ever! He played with it every day. He was very proud of his tank. He was a very obedient boy and that made his mommy proud.Once, there was a little girl who had lots of wild ideas. People around her thought her ideas were silly, but she knew they had the potential to become something great. One day, she decided to explore a nearby forest and find out whats hidden in there. She was told by her friends not to go, but she didnt listen. After all, she wanted to increase her wisdom. So, the little girl went into the woods. At first, she was scared of all the wild animals but soon she noticed they werent scared of her, so she felt better. But, when it got dark the little girl suddenly felt really scared. She started to cry, and the wild animals began to howl. In fear, she ran out of the forest as fast as she could. The little girl never went back to the woods again. She learnt her lesson whilst its good to want to increase your wisdom, its also important to be careful and listen to you parents.Once upon a time, in a small town, there was a very sleepy cat named Tom. Tom loved to eat pastries. One day, Tom saw a big pastry on a table. He wanted to eat it so much. Tom was not a good cat. He tried to steal the pastry. He jumped on the table and took the pastry in his mouth. He ran away with the pastry, feeling happy. But then, Tom felt bad for stealing the pastry. He decided to give it back. He took the pastry back to the table and said sorry. Tom learned not to steal and became a good cat.Once upon a time, there was a big sunflower in a garden. It was very tall and had lots of yellow petals. One day, a little girl came to the garden and saw the sunflower. She liked it very much because it was so pretty. She picked a purple flower from the ground and put it in her hair. As she was walking away, she heard a noise. It was the sound of a bell ringing. She turned around and saw that the sunflower had a bell on it. She rang it and the sound was very loud! The little girl was very happy and ran back to the sunflower to ring the bell again and again.Once upon a time there was a little girl who loved to crawl. She would crawl around all day, exploring new places. But one day, she found something very special. She found a radish! It was a bright red colour and looked very crunchy. She grabbed the radish and instantly her hands got stuck! It was too tough for her to pull off. The little girl was sad but then remembered she had a brilliant idea. She called out to her mom and asked if she had a knife. Mom quickly gave her a little knife and the girl carefully cut the radish off. It worked! She then happily ate the radish, crunching as she chewed it. The little girl continued to crawl around and found more radishes. She would find them, cut them off with her knife and eat them each and every day. The end.Once upon a time, there was a fisherman named Tom. Tom liked to catch fish in the big blue sea. One day, he took his boat and went to the sea to get some fish for dinner. Tom was a bit confused because he could not find any fish. He tried and tried, but no fish came. Then, he saw a big rock in the water. He thought, Maybe the fish are hiding behind the rock! So, he went to the rock and tried to catch the fish again. This time, Tom caught many fish! He was very happy. But when he looked at his net, he saw that it was broken. He needed to replace the net so he could catch more fish next time. Tom went back to the shore and bought a new net. Now he was ready to catch more fish and have a yummy dinner.Lily and Ben love to play at the beach. They like to make castles with sand and shells. They also like to decorate their castles with flowers and stones. One day, they find a big pink bucket near the water. They are very happy. They think it is a gift for them. They fill the bucket with sand and turn it over. They make a big pink tower. They want to decorate the tower with shells and flowers. They look around and see many pretty things. They see a starfish, a feather, a leaf and a coin. They run to get them and put them on the tower. But when they come back, they see a big wave. The wave is coming to the tower. They are scared. They shout, No, no, no! Stop, wave, stop! But the wave does not stop. It hits the tower and washes it away. The sand, the shells, the flowers, the starfish, the feather, the leaf and the coin are gone. The bucket is gone too. Lily and Ben are sad. They cry. They want their tower back. They want their bucket back. But then they see something shiny in the water. It is the coin. The wave brought it back to them. They smile. They think it is a gift for them. They run to get it and put it in their pocket. They say, Thank you, wave, thank you! They hug each other. They are happy again. They decide to make a new castle with sand and shells. They also decide to decorate it with the coin. They think it will make it very special.Once upon a time, there was a little girl called Molly who was always worried about her apple tree. Every day, she would go out to measure it and check how it was growing. It was never growing as quickly as she wanted it to. One day, Molly had an idea. She decided to mark the trunk of the tree with some paint. She found a brush in her mums shed and painted three little marks one at the top, one in the middle and one at the bottom. Every morning, Molly went out to measure the tree. As the days passed, she noticed that the marks had moved further and further up the tree. She was so excited! Finally, after months of hard work and measuring, Mollys tree had grown much bigger. She was no longer worried about the size of her tree it had grown bigger than she ever imagined. Molly was very proud of her tree and now she goes out to measure it every day, to check that it is still growing.Little Jack was a very spoiled three year old. Everywhere he went, his mom and dad gave him everything he asked for. He had lots of toys, books, and games. One day, Jack was in his room playing with his toys. He saw his dad walk down the hall whistling a happy tune. Jack thought it was the most beautiful sound he had ever heard. He begged his dad to whistle for him too. His dad smiled and said, Ill be glad to share a special song with you, but first you need to do something for me. Jack nodded and asked, What should I do? His dad said, When you want something special, dont always expect someone else to do it for you. Use your own strength and determination to earn it yourself. Now Ill whistle you a song. Jack was so happy he worked hard to learn how to whistle. Even though it took a bit of practice, Jack eventually managed to whistle the same tune his dad had showed him. Jack felt so proud of himself! The moral of the story is that you dont get something for nothing. It takes hard work and dedication to get something special.Lily loved to play with her colorful blocks. She liked to stack them high and make towers and castles. She had many blocks of different shapes and sizes. She was very proud of her blocks. One day, Lilys big brother Tom came into her room. He saw her blocks and wanted to play with them too. He did not ask Lily. He just took some of her blocks and made his own tower. Lily was angry. She said, Those are my blocks! Give them back! But Tom did not listen. He said, I am bigger than you. I can play with whatever I want. He took more of her blocks and made his tower taller and taller. Lily tried to get her blocks back, but Tom pushed her away. He said, Go away, you little baby. You dont need so many blocks. You can play with something else. He laughed and made his tower even higher. Lily felt sad and mad. She wished she could make Toms tower disappear. Then, she had an idea. She saw her moms iron on the table. She knew that the iron made steam when it was hot. She also knew that steam was like water, but very hot and thin. She thought, Maybe if I make steam near Toms tower, it will make his blocks wet and soft. Then his tower will fall down and he will be sorry. She waited until Tom was not looking. She turned on the iron and moved it close to Toms tower. She saw the steam coming out of the iron. She smiled and said, Bye bye, tower! But Lily did not know that the iron was very dangerous. The steam was not only hot and thin, but also fast and strong. It did not make Toms blocks wet and soft. It made them fly away and disappear. It also made the iron fall off the table and hit the floor. The floor made a loud noise and the iron made a big spark. Tom and Lily were both scared. They screamed and ran out of the room. Their mom heard the noise and came to see what happened. She saw the iron, the spark, and the missing blocks. She was very angry and worried. She said, What did you do? You could have started a fire! You could have hurt yourselves! You are both in big trouble! Tom and Lily felt sorry and ashamed. They realized that they were both wrong. Tom was wrong to take Lilys blocks and be mean to her. Lily was wrong to use the iron and try to ruin Toms tower. They said, We are sorry, mom. We were not nice to each other. We did not think about the iron. We will not do it again. Their mom hugged them and said, I am glad you are sorry. I love you both. But you have to be careful and respectful. You have to ask before you use someone elses things. You have to share and play nicely. You have to stay away from things that can hurt you. You have to learn from your mistakes. Tom and Lily nodded and said, We will, mom. We will. They hugged each other and said, We are sorry, too. We love you, too. They went to look for their blocks. They hoped they could find them and make new towers together. They learned that being selfish and sneaky can make things disappear, but being kind and honest can make things better.Jimmy was so small and always worried. One day, he was walking to the gym with his mommy. He felt so scared, his heart was pounding. When they got to the gym, Jimmy looked around. Everything was so big and icy! His mommy put her arm around him and smiled. Jimmy suddenly wasnt so worried anymore. They played games at the gym and jumped around. Jimmy even laughed and forgot how icy it was. When it was time to leave, Jimmy was happy. He said goodbye to the gym and told his mommy he wanted to come back again.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play at the shore, where he would build sandcastles and collect seashells. One day, Timmy met a crab who was feeling sad. Why are you sad? asked Timmy. I cant count all the seashells I found, replied the crab. I feel so humble. Dont worry, said Timmy. I can count them for you! So Timmy and the crab counted all the seashells together. The crab was so happy that he gave Timmy a big hug. But then, a seagull swooped down and tried to steal the seashells. Oh no! cried Timmy. We have to protect the seashells! So Timmy and the crab worked together to scare away the seagull. They were successful, and the seashells were safe. Timmy and the crab felt proud of themselves for working together to solve the conflict. From that day on, they became the best of friends and counted seashells together every day.Once upon a time, there was a small boy who was very lonely. He never had any friends to play with. One day, as he walked through the woods, he saw an old tree with a bright, colorful mask on it. He smiled and decided to take it home with him. Back at home, the boy decided to try the mask on himself. As soon as he put it on, the mask started to glow. The boy was filled with joy and happiness. But suddenly, the mask began to fall from his face. The boy tried to catch it, but it was too late it had fallen to the ground. He stared sadly at the mask, feeling even more lonely than before. Suddenly, he heard a rustling in the bushes. Out stepped two of the most beautiful animals he had ever seen! They picked up the mask and placed it back on the boys face. Soon enough, they were all playing happily together. From that day on, the boy was never lonely again. The mask had brought the boy a very special gift friendship.There was a party at the park. All of the kids were very excited. They all gathered around the big cake in the center of the park and started to sing happy birthday. Suddenly, thunder roared in the dark sky. The kids stopped singing and hid under the big tree in fear. The little girl stood alone, she did not move. She wanted to finish the song. The storm passed quickly. The little girl had not moved. She said to the other kids, âœWhy did you ignore me?â The other kids looked at each other. Then the biggest kid said, âœIt got dark and we were scared.â The little girl smiled. She said, âœItâs just a storm. Thereâs no need to be scared.â The other kids smiled too. They returned to the party and sang the rest of the song. The last note echoed across the park and the little girl was very happy. They all cheered and laughed.Once there was a girl named Alice. She loved to read books and knew lots of stories by heart. She loved reading so much that she traveled all around the world with her train to visit different places and libraries. One day when she was traveling on her train, she saw something very fragile on the ground. It was an egg! Alice stopped her train and got off to take a closer look. With a soft voice she said, hello fraglile egg, how are you?. Unexpectedly, the egg opened and out jumped a small scaly creature. Hi! said the creature. Alice was so excited, she couldnt believe her eyes. The creature then told Alice that it wanted to learn how to read. So they went to the nearest library and Alice started to read to the creature. Every day, they would meet at the same spot and Alice would read to the creature until it could read by itself. Alice and the creature had so much fun that they became lifelong friends. Whenever Alice traveled a new place, she would always remember to bring a book for her new friend to read.Mum and Dad had an exciting plan. They wanted to design a new thing. It was going to be very special. They chose the colour red to make it stand out. Mum used lots of red fabric and sewed it together. Dad made a really strong frame out of wood. They worked late into the night until it was finished. In the morning, Mum and Dad were so excited to show me their new thing. It was tall and wide with a shapely top. It was bright red and had pretty decorations. I was so amazed! Mum and Dad had designed a beautiful red chair for me. I squealed with delight as I hugged them and spun around in it. It was the best thing ever!Tom and Lily liked to visit their grandpa on his farm. He had many animals, but their favorite was Molly the mule. Molly was brown and white and had long ears. She liked to eat carrots and apples from their hands. One day, Tom and Lily came to the farm and saw that Molly was not in her stable. They asked their grandpa, Where is Molly? Grandpa looked sad and said, Molly is gone. She ran away last night. I think she was angry with me. Why was she angry? Lily asked. Because I forgot to give her a carrot before bed. She loves carrots, you know. I was very busy and tired and I made a mistake. I miss Molly very much. I hope she comes back soon. Tom and Lily felt sorry for their grandpa and Molly. They wanted to help. They said, We will look for Molly. Maybe she is hiding somewhere nearby. Maybe she is hungry and wants a carrot. They took a basket of carrots and apples and went to look for Molly. They walked around the farm, calling her name. They looked in the fields, in the woods, in the pond. They did not see Molly. They were about to give up when they heard a loud bray. They followed the sound and found Molly in a small clearing. She was eating some grass and flowers. She looked happy and healthy. Molly! Tom and Lily shouted. They ran to her and hugged her. Molly nuzzled them and licked their faces. She saw the basket of carrots and apples and snorted. We are so glad you are okay, Molly. We missed you. Grandpa missed you too. He was angry with himself for forgetting your carrot. He loves you, Molly. Please come back with us. Lily said. Molly looked at them with her big brown eyes. She seemed to understand. She nodded her head and followed them back to the farm. Grandpa was waiting for them. He was overjoyed to see Molly. He hugged her and apologized to her. He gave her a big carrot and a kiss. Thank you, Tom and Lily. You are the best grandkids ever. You found Molly and brought her back. You made me and Molly very happy. Grandpa said. Tom and Lily smiled. They were happy too. They loved Molly and grandpa. They knew Molly would never run away again. They all went to the stable and had a picnic. They ate carrots and apples and told stories. They were a happy family.Once upon a time, there was a fish named Nemo. Nemo lived in a big ocean with his mom and dad. One day, Nemo went too far and got lost. He swam and swam until he found a beautiful reef. Nemo was scared and sad because he didnt know how to get back home. But then he met a friendly crab who showed him the way back. Nemo was so happy that he forgave himself for getting lost. When Nemo got back home, he told his mom and dad all about his adventure. They were happy he was safe and available to play with him. From that day on, Nemo knew that its okay to make mistakes and that forgiveness is important.Once upon a time there were two friends. They liked to play together in the park. One day, one of the friends said, Lets have a picnic! The friends brought lots of delicious food to the park and sat down to have a picnic. They laughed and talked and ate lots of yummy food. But then something strange started to happen. The ground began to shake and from the earth a nation rose. The nation grew bigger and bigger, and soon it was towering over the friends. The friends were so scared. But then, one of them said, Lets try to talk to the nation. So, nervously, they approached the towering nation. But the nation was mean. It roared and roared and wouldnt listen. The nation was too powerful and the friends were too scared. The friends had no choice but to run away. The friends never went back to the park and the nation stayed very tall and powerful. The end.One day, Tom decided to explore the unknown. He had heard about a mysterious hill, so he decided to climb it. When he got to the top, he saw something he couldnt believe. It was a huge pile of yarn! Tom was so excited. He wanted to take some home with him. So, he started to carefully pick the fluffiest pieces of yarn and put them in his bag. When he got home, his mom was so happy. She said they could make a blanket together. So, they started working and by the end of the day they had made the warmest and fluffiest blanket ever!Ben and Lily liked to play in the park. They had a big slide, a swing, and a sandbox. One day, they saw something new in the pond. It was an alligator! Wow, look at that! Ben said. It has a long tail and big teeth. Do you think it is friendly? Lily was scared. She hid behind Ben and said, No, it is not friendly. It is scary. Lets go away. Ben wanted to see the alligator closer. He said, Dont be scared, Lily. Maybe it is lonely. Maybe it wants to play with us. Come on, I will hold your hand. He encouraged Lily to walk with him to the edge of the pond. The alligator saw them and made a loud noise. It opened its mouth and showed its teeth. Hello, alligator! Ben said. We are Ben and Lily. Do you want to be our friend? The alligator was surprised. It had never seen such small and brave humans. It closed its mouth and made a softer noise. It nodded its head. See, Lily? It is friendly. It likes us. Can we pet you, alligator? Ben asked. The alligator nodded again. It let Ben and Lily touch its skin. It felt rough and bumpy. Ben and Lily smiled. They had a new friend. Thank you, alligator. You are very nice. But we have to go now. Our mom is waiting for us. Bye, alligator! Ben said. Bye, alligator! Lily said. You are very tidy. You keep the pond clean. We will come back and play with you again. The alligator waved its tail. It was happy. It watched Ben and Lily run to their mom. It hoped they would come back soon. It liked to play with them.Ben was so excited to play a new game. He quickly opened the box to find a terrible puzzle! Ben was not sure how to solve it. He tried putting the pieces together, but none of them fit. He became frustrated and started to cry. Suddenly, a magical fairy appeared! She had spotted Benâs tears and she wanted to help him. She said she knew how to solve the game. She waved her wand and the pieces began to move and fit together. Ben was so happy! The fairy said she had solved the game for him, and then she waved goodbye. Ben thanked the fairy and pushed the last piece into the game. Hed solved the terrible puzzle!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Jenny who just turned three years old. She was very excited to learn new things, but the most exciting thing of all was when she learned how to cast spells. Jenny was so eager to try out all of the spells she had learned and decided to try a new one. She placed her hands together and said the words, Send gray spell. Suddenly, a sparkly gray spell appeared in front of Jenny and hovered around her. Jenny clapped with excitement and decided to try something else. She said the words, Send bigger spell and suddenly a giant spell that shined in shades of gray and silver appeared. Jenny couldnt believe her eyes and jumped with joy. Jenny was so happy with how her spells turned out and she knew she would be making more spells soon. She smiled and thought to herself, Great spells!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, Lily and her mom went to the store to buy some lotion. Lilys mom told her to pick out the lotion she wanted. Lily looked at all the bottles and picked the one with the pink label because it was her favorite color. As they were walking home, Lily saw her friend Tommy playing with his toy cars. She ran over to him and asked if she could play too. Tommy said yes and they started racing their cars. Lilys car was very fast and she won the race! Tommy was surprised and said, Wow Lily, your car is so thin and fast! Lily smiled and said, Thank you, I love my car! They played together for a while longer before Lily and her mom went back home. Lily was happy because she got to play with her friend and she won the race with her fast car.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a big, tough dog named Max. Max loved to play fetch with Lily and they would laugh together when Max brought back the ball. One day, Lilys mom forgot to set the alarm and they overslept. Lily was sad because she thought she would be late for school. But Max barked loudly and woke everyone up! Lily was happy and hugged Max, thanking him for being such a good alarm. At school, Lilys friends were playing a game of tag. Lily was it and she chased her friends around the playground. When she finally caught them, they all fell down and laughed together. Lily thought it was the best day ever, thanks to Max and her friends.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved lollipops more than anything in the world. He would eat them all day long and never share with anyone. One day, Timmy went to the park to play with his friends. But when he got there, he saw that his friends were sad and gloomy. They didnt have any lollipops to eat and they were feeling left out. Timmy felt bad for not sharing his lollipops before. So, he decided to shoot a basketball and if he made it, he would give all his lollipops to his friends. He shot the ball and it went straight into the hoop! Timmy was so happy that he gave all his lollipops to his friends. From that day on, Timmy learned that sharing is important and it makes everyone happy.Once upon a time, there was a happy little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play outside in his backyard. One day, while playing, Timmy saw a cactus. The cactus had sharp needles on it. Timmys mom came outside and saw him looking at the cactus. Be careful, Timmy. The cactus has sharp needles, she warned him. I know, Mommy. I wont touch it, Timmy replied. Timmy continued to play in his backyard, being careful not to get too close to the sharp cactus. He was happy to be outside on such a beautiful day.Once there was a mummy and a daddy who were looking for a poppy. The mummy said, Where can we find a poppy? I dont see one anywhere. The daddy said, Lets ask the nice man at the shop if he has any poppies available. So they went to the shop and asked the nice man. He said, Yes I do have poppies. Would you like one? The mummy and daddy said, Yes please. So the nice man gave them one. They were so happy to have their very own poppy. The mummy said, Thank you very much. The daddy said, Thank you for being so helpful. The nice man smiled and waved goodbye as the mummy and daddy walked away with their poppy.John was a little boy. He had a delicate coat and he always wore it when he went out. One day, John wanted to go to the park. So he put on his coat and went to the park. But when he got to the park, it was very hot. So he decided to remove his coat. He put the coat on the ground and ran off to play on the swings. He had so much fun that he almost forgot about his coat. Suddenly he remembered that he had left his coat behind. John ran back to the spot where he had left the coat but it was gone! He couldnt find it anywhere. He started to cry because his coat was so delicate. But then he spotted a kind lady who was wearing a coat that looked just like his. He asked her if he could have his coat back and she said yes. He was so happy that he gave her a big hug. John was very careful to not forget his coat again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl called Lena. She lived in a small house with her mom and dad. One day, Lena was angry. She wanted to go explore the universe! Lenaâs mom saw how angry she was and said, âœLena, why donât you explore whatâs outside our house? You can have a lot of fun there.â But Lena said, âœNo, Mommy. I want to go explore the universe!â Her mom said, âœLena, thatâs impossible. The universe is too far away. You canât go there.â Lena was still angry, so she stomped her foot and said, âœYes, I can! I can be the first person to explore the universe!â Lenaâs mom just shook her head and said, âœMaybe one day, when you are older, you will explore the universe. But right now, why donât you explore whatâs outside our house?â Lena thought about it and decided to explore outside. She soon forgot her anger and explored the world around her. She had a lot of fun and learned so much!Once, there was an enormous box. Inside it, the world was waiting to be unpacked. One day, a little girl wanted to explore what was in the box, so she opened it. What she saw was amazing! She uncovered a world that was full of colors and shapes. She had never seen anything like it before. The little girl spent all day playing in this world, unpacking different colors and objects until the box was empty. When she was done, she couldnt believe her eyes! This world was bigger than anything she had ever imagined. She had created an enormous world from that little box. As the little girl explored her new world further, she noticed something strange. She could hear sounds coming from the box which had been empty a moment ago! She quickly returned and started unpacking the box again. To her surprise, this time the box contained tiny creatures that moved around and made noises. She knew right away, she had discovered something special!Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. He loved to play with his toys, especially his toy cars. One day, he went to the park to play with his friend, Billy. They decided to play a game of soccer. Timmy was the player and Billy was the goalie. Timmy kicked the ball so hard that it went over Billys head and into the bushes. Timmy went to get the ball but he saw a gloomy looking dog. He was scared but he pushed his fear aside and slowly walked towards the dog. The dog turned out to be friendly and Timmy was happy to have made a new friend. They played together for the rest of the day.Once upon a time, there was a boy. He was very brave and always liked to rescue. One day, he decided to go on an adventure. He went to a big park, and saw a colorful photo lying on the ground. He wanted to rescue it! So, he carefully picked it up, being careful not to tear it. He looked at the photo and saw a happy family. The boy smiled and put the photo in his pocket. He was so happy to have rescued the colorful photo. He ran off to a nearby pond to continue his adventure.Once there was a little boy. He was only three years old. One day, he wanted to try something new. He wanted to go for a swim. The boy talked to his mum about it. Mum, can I please go for a swim? he asked. His mum smiled at his boldness. Of course you can, she said. So off the little boy went to the swimming pool. He was so excited. The pool was huge and very long. When he got to the edge, the little boy was a bit scared. But then he heard a voice. Come on in. The water is nice and warm, the voice said. It was a lifeguard. The little boy smiled and began to swim. The little boy had so much fun! He went swimming for a long time. He was tired but very happy too. The little boy was so proud of himself. He had done something new, and he had done it alone! He smiled and thought, I can do anything!Once there was a little boy named Luke. He was scared to go to school every day, but he wanted to be brave. One day, he got so scared that he decided to hide in his room. He looked around and saw a big, big frame. He decided to count all of the tiny pieces in the frame. He started counting. One, two, three.... He kept counting until he couldnt count any more. Then he saw something scary someone was in the frame with him! Luke was so scared that he screamed and tried to run away. But the frame was too tight. All he could do was sit and cry. In the end, Luke was stuck in the frame forever.Once upon a time, there was a little girl. Her name was Sally and she was three years old. One day, Sally was sitting in the kitchen. She saw something that made her very excited. It was a big pot of yellow spaghetti! Sally smiled and asked if she could have some. Her mom said yes and put some spaghetti on a plate. Sally sat down at the table and started to eat the spaghetti. It was very good. After she ate the spaghetti, Sally was very full. She sat down on the couch and closed her eyes. She was so happy and content. The End.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, she went to the park to play with her friends. While she was playing, she fell down and hurt her knee. Her friend, Timmy, saw her crying and asked, Are you okay, Lily? Lily replied, No, it hurts a lot. Timmy said, Dont worry, I have some cream that can help you. Timmy took out a small tube of cream from his bag and rubbed it on Lilys knee. Lily felt much better and said, Thank you, Timmy. You are my hero! Timmy smiled and said, No problem, Lily. Thats what friends are for.Bob was a 3yearold boy who loved playing in his garden. One day, he saw a pot in the corner of the garden. Bob ran to the pot and said, âœWow! I wonder whatâs inside it?â He looked closely and saw some rich coins. âœWow, these coins look so shiny and rich.â He thought. Bob was very excited and called his dad, âœDad! Dad! I found a pot with lots of rich coins in my garden!â His dad came outside and said, âœThat looks very nice. Do you want to keep the coins?â Bob smiled and said, âœYes, can I keep them?â His dad nodded and said, âœYes, you can keep them. Now, why donât you go and have some fun?â Bob happily agreed and started running around the garden. He suddenly noticed a big hill in front of him. Bob thought, âœI want to zoom down the hill.â He ran fast up the hill and then zoomed down with a big smile on his face. When he reached the bottom, he saw his dad with the pot of coins. Bob grinned and said, âœThank you, Dad, for the pot of rich coins!â His dad smiled and said, âœYouâre welcome, Bob. Now go andOn a bright, sunny day, there was a chubby little goose who wanted to go on an adventure. She snapped her wings and off she flew! She flew over rivers, hills and trees, and had a wonderful time exploring the world. Pretty soon, the little goose was getting tired. She snapped her wings and started flying back to her home. But when she got there, she was surprised to find a chubby little fox waiting for her. The fox sat still and smiled at her, and she was too tired to fly away. The fox asked if the goose wanted to be his friend. The goose nodded and the fox motioned for her to follow. He led her to the edge of a forest, and with a snap of his tail he opened a secret door that led under the ground. The little goose was amazed and curious. She stepped inside and what she saw made her heart smile. Everywhere she looked it was filled with chubby little animals who welcomed her with open wings. They showed her around and told her stories, and before she knew it, the sun was setting and it was time to go home. The little goose said goodbye to all her new animal friends, and with a snap of her wings she flew back home. Every day after that she would come back and visit her animal friends, and they would always have wonderful adventures together.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play her flute every day. One morning, she woke up early and went outside to play her incredible flute. As she was playing, a bird flew down and landed on her shoulder. Wow, your flute sounds amazing! the bird chirped. Lily was surprised and happy. Thank you! she replied. Do you want to sing with me? The bird nodded and they played together. It was a beautiful sound. After they finished, the bird said goodbye and flew away. Lily smiled and continued to play her incredible flute.Lily likes to write. She has a big book and a red pen. She writes her name, her moms name, and her cats name. She draws a heart and a star. She is happy. One day, Lily sees an old man in the park. He has a long beard and a hat. He sits on a bench and reads a newspaper. Lily is curious. She walks to the old man and says hello. The old man looks at Lily with his kind eyes. He smiles and says hello back. He asks Lily what she likes to do. Lily says she likes to write. She shows him her big book and her red pen. The old man is impressed. He says Lily is very smart and talented. He says he likes to write too. He shows Lily his newspaper. He says he writes stories for the newspaper. He says he writes about the world and the people. Lily is amazed. She says she wants to write stories too. She asks the old man if he can teach her. The old man nods and says yes. He says he can be her friend and her teacher. He says they can write stories together. Lily is happy. She hugs the old man and says thank you. She says he is her new friend and her teacher. She says they will write many stories. The old man is happy too. He hugs Lily and says youre welcome. He says she is his new friend and his student. He says they will write many stories. They smile and start to write.Tom and Anna liked to play hide and seek in the house. They took turns to count and look for each other. One day, Tom decided to hide in the cabinet in the kitchen. He opened the door and crawled inside. He closed the door and waited for Anna to find him. Anna counted to ten and shouted, Ready or not, here I come! She looked in the living room, the bedroom, and the bathroom, but she could not find Tom. She wondered where he was hiding. She went to the kitchen and saw the cabinet. She thought, maybe Tom is in there. She opened the cabinet door and saw Tom. He smiled and said, You found me! Anna said, Yes, I did. But why did you hide in there? It is dark and scary. Tom said, No, it is not. It is safe and cozy. There are pots and pans and plates and cups. They keep me company. Anna said, But they are not alive. They cannot talk to you or play with you. And what if Mom or Dad need something from the cabinet? They will be surprised to see you in there. Tom said, I dont care. I like it here. It is my secret place. You can join me if you want. Anna said, No, thank you. I dont like it here. It is too small and stuffy. I prefer to play outside or in the toy room. There are more things to do and see. And I dont want to leave Mom and Dad alone. They might worry about us. Tom said, Fine. Then you can leave. I will stay here. Anna said, OK. But dont stay too long. It is not good for you. And dont forget to come out when Mom or Dad call us for lunch. She closed the cabinet door and left. Tom stayed in the cabinet for a while. He pretended that the pots and pans and plates and cups were his friends. He made up stories and songs with them. He had fun. But after some time, he started to feel bored and lonely. He missed Anna and Mom and Dad. He wondered what they were doing. He wanted to play with them. He realized that the cabinet was not so safe and cozy after all. It was just a cabinet. He opened the door and came out. He looked for Anna and Mom and Dad. He found them in the living room. They were happy to see him. They hugged him and asked him where he was. He told them about his hiding place. They laughed and said, That was a clever idea. But we are glad you came out. We love you and we want you to be with us. Tom said, I love you too. And I want to be with you too. The cabinet is not my secret place anymore. It is just a cabinet. They smiled and said, Thats right. It is just a cabinet. And you are our precious son. They played and talked and had lunch together. Tom felt happy and warm. He knew he was safe and cozy with his family.Tom and Lily were playing in the park. They liked to slide, swing and run. But it was very cold today. The wind was blowing and the sky was gray. Tom and Lily started to shiver. Lets go home, Tom said. I want some soup. Me too, Lily said. Soup is warm and yummy. They ran to their house. Mom was waiting for them. She had a big pot of soup on the stove. She gave them each a bowl and a spoon. She also gave them some bread and butter. Here you go, my sweeties, Mom said. This will make you feel better. Tom and Lily smiled. They ate their soup. It was brown and had carrots and potatoes and chicken. They liked it a lot. They dipped their bread in the soup and ate it too. They used their forks to pick up the carrots and potatoes and chicken. They were not shivering anymore. They were warm and happy. Thank you, Mom, Tom and Lily said. You make the best soup. Mom hugged them. She was glad they liked her soup. She loved them very much.Once upon a time, there was a tired island. It had been loved, but recently neglected and it looked a bit sad. One day, two friends Sam and Martha were out walking together. Sam looked sad. Why are you so tired Sam? asked Martha, Whats wrong? Sam sighed and said, I think someone might be spoiling the island. I want to go and help it! Martha thought for a moment then replied, Lets go! That sounds like a great plan! and so off they went. When they arrived at the island, it was much worse than they expected. The island was covered in rubbish and weeds. But Sam and Martha werent giving up! They started to work hard, picking up the rubbish and clearing the weeds. It took a few days hard work, but slowly and surely the island started to look better. Finally, after a few weeks of hard work, the island was restored to its former glory. Sam and Martha were both very tired, but they were also very proud of their work. The End.Once upon a time there was a little lion named Leo. Leo was very selfish and never wanted to share his toys with the other animals. Each day Leo liked to swim in the river and one day he decided to take a long swim. He swam and swam until he felt tired so he decided to take a break. Suddenly he heard a loud roar and Leo was very scared. He turned around and he saw a big lion standing on the other side of the river. Leo was so frightened he couldnât move. What are you doing, little lion? the big lion asked. Leo replied âœI was just taking a swim. Please donât hurt me.â The big lion smiled and said, âœNo need to be afraid. Im just here to show you something. But it will only work if youre brave enough to come closer.â Leo felt a little bit better, so he got closer. But then suddenly the big lion roared again, making Leo jump. However the big lion said, âœIts okay little lion. I was just showing you how to swim with the other lions. Do you want to join us?â Leo was so excited. He had never seen a lion swimming before and he never thought he could do it. So with a brave heart, he jumped in the river and started to swim withTom had a coin that he liked very much. It was shiny and round and had a picture of a lion on it. He found it in the park one day and he was very happy. He wanted to own the coin and keep it in his pocket. But some of the other kids in his class also liked the coin. They wanted to see it and touch it and play with it. They asked Tom to share the coin with them, but Tom said no. He did not want to share his coin. He wanted to own it all by himself. This made the other kids sad and angry. They did not want to be friends with Tom anymore. They said he was mean and selfish and greedy. They played with other toys and games and left Tom alone. Tom had his coin, but he had no friends. He was not popular at all. Tom felt lonely and bored. He looked at his coin and wondered why it made him so unhappy. He realized that owning the coin was not as fun as sharing it. He decided to change his mind and be nice to the other kids. He went to the other kids and said he was sorry. He said he would share his coin with them and let them see it and touch it and play with it. He said he wanted to be friends with them and have fun with them. The other kids were surprised and happy. They forgave Tom and welcomed him back. They took turns with the coin and enjoyed it together. Tom had his coin, but he also had friends. He was popular and happy.Once upon a time, there was a boy named John. John was very enthusiastic and he loved to help people. One day, he saw a hut that was on fire. He quickly ran to the hut and saw a kitten inside. He was determined to save it. With his bare hands, John tore down the burning door. He carefully grabbed the kitten and ran outside to safety. John was very relieved that the kitten was safe. He hugged it and it meowed in appreciation. As a reward for saving the kitten, the owner of the hut gave John a toy fire truck and thanked him for his courageous efforts. John was so happy and couldnt believe his luck. He hugged the kitten once more and ran off to show his new toy fire truck to his friends.Once upon a time, there was an old musician who wanted to go on an adventure. He began packing all of his belongings in a suitcase. The musician said to himself, I need to pack my tunic and my guitar for the trip! Suddenly, a bad rain started coming down outside. The musician looked out the window and said, Oh no! I cannot go on an adventure in this bad weather! He quickly packed away his suitcase and decided he would go another time when the weather was better.Once upon a time, there was a big tiger. He had soft fur and liked to nap in the sun. One day, he saw a butterfly fly by. The tiger wanted to fly too! But tigers cant fly, so he just watched the butterfly flutter away. The end.One day, there was a little girl named Lola. She had a sack with her. It was full of toys. Lola liked to organize her sack and move her toys around. She liked to make sure everything was in the right spot. Lola also liked to make sure her toys were healthy. She set apart the special toys and washed them. This made them look healthy and very nice. When she was finished organizing her sack, she added a few extra toys. They all fit nicely in the sack! She was very proud of how healthy and organized her sack was. From then on, Lola made sure her toys were always healthy and organized. The end.Sara liked to help her mom at the restaurant. Her mom cooked food for many people who came to eat. Sara helped by bringing plates, cups and napkins to the tables. She was very good at carrying things and not dropping them. One day, the restaurant was very busy. Many people wanted to eat pizza, but the pizza dough was almost gone. Saras mom asked her to go to the supply room and get more dough. Sara ran to the supply room and looked for the dough. She saw a big box with a picture of a pizza on it. She tried to lift the box, but it was too heavy for her. She saw a smaller box next to it. It had a picture of a pretzel on it. She thought, maybe this is also dough, but in a different shape. She opened the box and saw many long and flexible pieces of dough. They looked like snakes. She had an idea. She took some pieces of dough and twisted them into circles. She put them on a tray and brought them to her mom. Her mom was surprised to see the dough circles. She asked Sara, What are these? Sara said, They are pizza pretzels. I made them from the pretzel dough. Maybe the people will like them. Her mom smiled and said, That was very clever of you, Sara. You are very flexible and creative. Lets try to bake them and see what happens. They put the pizza pretzels in the oven and waited. They smelled very good. They took them out and put cheese and sauce on them. They looked like mini pizzas. They brought them to the people who wanted pizza. The people were curious and tried them. They liked them very much. They said, These are delicious. What are they called? Saras mom said, They are pizza pretzels. They are a special invention by my helper, Sara. The people clapped and cheered for Sara. Sara was very happy and proud. She helped her mom at the restaurant and made many people happy.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lucy who loved the ocean. One sunny day, Lucy went to the beach with her mom and dad. They played in the sand and built a big sand castle. Lucy wanted to go into the water, but she was scared. The ocean looked so big and scary. Lucys dad said, Dont worry, Lucy. Ill hold your hand, and well go in together. So Lucy and her dad went into the ocean, holding hands. The water was cold at first, but it felt good on their feet. They laughed and splashed each other. Lucy wasnt scared anymore. She loved the ocean more than ever. At the end of the day, Lucy, her mom, and her dad went back home. They were all very happy. Lucy couldnt wait to go back to the ocean again.Tom and Anna are twins. They like to play in the park. One day, they find a big stick on the ground. Tom picks it up and says, This is my stick. I can use it as a sword or a wand. Anna wants the stick too. She says, No, it is my stick. I saw it first. I can use it as a flute or a telescope. Tom and Anna start to pull the stick from each other. They shout and cry. They do not want to share. A lady who works in the park sees them. She walks over and says, What is going on here? Why are you fighting over a stick? Tom and Anna stop pulling. They look at the lady. They say, It is our stick. We both want it. The lady says, That is not a nice way to play. You are being spoiled. A stick is not a toy. It can hurt you or someone else. You should put it back where you found it and find something else to play with. Tom and Anna feel ashamed. They say, We are sorry, lady. You are right. We should not fight over a stick. We should share and be kind. They put the stick back on the ground. They hug each other and say, We love you, brothersister. Lets go and play on the swings. The lady smiles and says, Thats better. Im glad you made up. Have fun and be careful. She walks away. Tom and Anna run to the swings. They take turns and push each other. They laugh and have fun. They are happy.One night, Daisy was asleep in her bed. Suddenly, the sky outside began to glow in a bright pink color. Oh, thats so pretty! Daisy said as she jumped out of her bed and looked out the window. Her mom came over to her, and asked Daisy what she was doing. Daisy said happily, Look mommy, the sky is so pink. Its so pretty. Her mother smiled and said, That is the sunset. It happens every night. Daisy was so excited that she wanted to show everyone the pretty pink sky. She ran outside in her pajamas and called to her neighbors, Hey, look! Its so pink out here! Everyone smiled and said, It sure is! But then Daisy felt embarrassed. She realized that she was still wearing her pajamas, and everyone had seen her. She quickly ran back into the house. Despite being embarrassed, Daisy felt happy that she saw the glowing pink sky that night.Once upon a time, there was a little fork named Freddy. Freddy lived in a big drawer with many other forks, spoons, and knives. Freddy was a very happy fork, but he was also a little ashamed because he had a bend in his handle. One day, Freddy was talking with his friend, Sally Spoon. Sally said, Freddy, you should be proud of your bend. It makes you special! But Freddy disagreed. He thought that his bend made him look silly. Then, one day, a little girl named Lucy was trying to eat her soup. She tried to use a straight fork, but it did not work. She tried to use a spoon, but it was too big. Then, she saw Freddy with his bent handle. She picked him up and found that his bend was perfect for eating soup. Freddy felt so happy and proud. From that day on, Freddy was no longer ashamed of his bend.Once upon a time, there was a little car named Red. Red loved to travel and see new places. One day, Reds battery ran out of power, and he couldnt move anymore. Red was sad because he wanted to keep traveling. But then, a kind person came and gave Red a new battery. Red was so happy and grateful! He could travel again! However, Red became impatient because he wanted to travel to new places quickly. He tried to go faster and faster, but he realized that it was important to be patient and enjoy the journey. So, Red slowed down and enjoyed the beautiful scenery around him.Mark was a boy who liked to draw. He had many crayons and papers. He drew cars, animals, flowers and stars. He was happy when he drew. One day, he went to the shop with his mom. He saw a big book with many pictures. He wanted the book very much. He asked his mom, Can I have the book, please? His mom looked at the book. It was very expensive. She said, Im sorry, Mark, but we dont have enough money to buy the book. Maybe another time. Mark was sad. He really liked the book. He put the book back on the shelf. He followed his mom to the counter. His mom paid for some bread and milk. As they were leaving, a man stopped them. He was the owner of the shop. He had a smile on his face. He said, Hello, Mark. I saw you looking at the book. I have a gift for you. He handed Mark the book. Mark was surprised. He couldnt believe it. He said, Thank you, thank you, thank you! The man said, Youre welcome, Mark. I like your drawings. You are very talented. I have some of them on my wall. They make me happy. This is my way of saying thank you. Mark was grateful. He hugged the man. He hugged his mom. He was very happy. He had the book and a new friend. He couldnt wait to go home and draw more.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, Lilys mom gave her a big spoon to eat her soup. Lily didnt like the soup, but she didnt want to be rude, so she ate it all. After dinner, Lily went to play with her toys. She saw her brother playing with his toy car and she wanted to play too. But her brother said she couldnt because she was too little. Lily felt terrible because she wanted to play with her brother. She decided to dare herself to ask him again. She walked up to her brother and asked if she could play too. Her brother said yes and they played together happily ever after. The end.Once upon a time, there were two young brothers. They were playing in a swamp near their house. The older brother accidentally stepped on the younger brotherâs foot. The younger brother started crying and the older brother felt so sorry. He said âœIâm sorry, can you forgive me?â The younger brother stopped crying. He hugged his brother and said, âœI forgive you.â Then the older brother said, âœSwamp or not, I will always take care of you.â The younger brother smiled and said, âœMe too,â and the two brothers hugged and ran off to play in the swamp. The two brothers had learned an important lesson. It was to always forgive one another and never be too young to care for each other.Tom and Lily were twins who liked to play in the living room. They had many toys, but their favorite thing was to climb on the fireplace. The fireplace was big and gray, and had a nice shelf on top. Sometimes, they pretended to be cats or monkeys, and jumped from the shelf to the couch. One day, their mom told them not to climb on the fireplace anymore. She said it was dangerous, and they could fall and hurt themselves. She also said that sometimes, there was fire in the fireplace, and they could burn themselves. Tom and Lily did not like this. They wanted to climb on the fireplace. They thought it was fun and not scary. When their mom went to the kitchen, they decided to climb on the fireplace again. They did not listen to their mom. They thought they were smart and fast, and nothing bad would happen. They climbed on the shelf, and looked for something to play with. They saw a shiny metal thing, and a long black thing. They did not know what they were, but they looked interesting. Tom reached for the shiny metal thing, and pulled it. It made a loud noise, and sparks flew out of the fireplace. Tom was scared, and dropped the metal thing. It was a poker, and it hit the long black thing. The long black thing was a hose, and it had gas in it. The gas came out of the hose, and caught fire. The fire spread quickly, and made a lot of smoke and heat. Lily saw the fire, and screamed. She jumped off the shelf, and ran to the kitchen. She told their mom what happened. Their mom was angry and worried. She grabbed a fire extinguisher, and ran to the living room. She saw Tom, who was still on the shelf, and scared and crying. She sprayed the fire extinguisher, and put out the fire. She took Tom off the shelf, and hugged him. She checked if he was hurt, and he was not. She was relieved, but also very mad. She scolded Tom and Lily, and told them they were very naughty and foolish. She told them they could have died, or burned the house down. She told them they had to listen to her, and never climb on the fireplace again. She told them they had to say sorry, and go to their room. Tom and Lily said sorry, and went to their room. They felt bad, and ashamed. They learned their lesson, and never climbed on the fireplace again.Once upon a time there lived a 3yearold child by the name of Jack. One day Jack wanted to go outside, but he was scared of the weather. Jack asked, Mommy, can I go outside? His mommy smiled and said, Yes, Jack. But make sure you come back in when it gets old. So Jack ran outside. He saw a butterfly and screamed in joy. He saw a tree and laughed. He saw some birds and clapped his hands. Everyone around him was applauding Jack for his joy at the wonders of the world around him. But then the weather started to change. It became old and cold. So Jack had to go back inside. But even though he was inside, the memories of that happy day, filled with the wonders of thunder, rain and birds, stayed with him. And Jack knew hed be back out soon, to applaud the weather, old or young!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to explore the forest near her house. One day, she saw a jar on the ground. It was a humble jar, not very fancy or pretty. Lily picked up the jar and put it in her backpack. She wanted to show it to her mommy. As she walked, she saw a squirrel hiding nuts in a tree. Lily thought it was funny and continued on her way. When she got home, Lily showed her mommy the jar. Her mommy smiled and said, Thats a special jar. Its for collecting happy memories. Lily didnt understand what her mommy meant, but she was excited to fill the jar with happy memories. Years went by and Lily grew up. She kept the jar and filled it with memories of her adventures in the forest. When she was feeling sad or lonely, she would open the jar and see all the happy memories inside. The humble jar had become a treasure to her.One day, Peter and his mom went to the park. Peters mom told Peter he needed to use his muscles. She wanted him to help carry a heavy box. Peter asked why he needed to carry it. His mom told him it would serve them both. So they each grabbed an end of the box and started carrying it. It was so heavy that it was hard for them to walk. We can do it! said Peters mom. Peter tried his hardest, but he was tired after a few steps. He asked his mom if it was ok to take a break. His mom said it was ok and put the box down. Then she lifted Peter up and showed him a big playground! She told him that their job of carrying the heavy box was done, so now it was time to have fun. Peter was so happy that they had served each other well, and he couldnt wait to have fun at the playground.Once upon a time there was a little boy. One day he wasnt feeling so well. He was sad and lonely. But then he had an idea he found a fine feather! He knew that it would make things better. He hugged the feather tightly and made a special wish. Then a magical thing happened the feather started to make him feel better. It had the power to heal his hurt and make him happy. The little boy smiled and the feather seemed to smile too. He knew that the feather had made him feel better. He kept the feather safe, next to his heart. It was so special. Whenever he was feeling sad or lonely, he would look at the feather and it always made him feel better. He held the feather close and knew that he was safe. Things would always be alright as long as he had his special fine feather.Once upon a time, there was a wise old man who lived on a street. He knew how to fix many things. People liked him because he was very helpful. One day, a girl had a broken toy. She was very sad. The wise old man saw her and said, Dont worry, I can repair your toy. The girl was happy and gave him her toy. The wise old man fixed it and gave it back to her. She was very thankful. From that day on, the wise old man helped everyone on the street. He repaired many things for them. The people on the street were always happy because they knew the wise old man was there to help them.Once upon a time there was a little girl called Amy. She was three years old, and she wanted to learn things. One day, she asked her mummy âœCan I go to school?â Her mum said âœNo, not yet. When youâre a bit older, then yes.â Amy asked âœWhat can I do to learn now?â Mum said âœLet me think. You can read books, count numbers, play games and draw pictures, to help you learn.â Amy was very excited at all the things she could try. She asked her mum âœCan I learn now?â Mum said âœYes, thatâs a great idea, but remember to be clear and listen carefully, okay?â Amy nodded and ran away, ready to learn lots of fun things.Once upon a time there was a girl named Jane. Jane was very small and loved to skip. Every morning she would wake up and skip around her house. She would skip around the kitchen, the living room, and even the garden. One morning Jane was looking out the window. She saw a bright, clear sky and she was so excited. She wanted to go outside and skip in the sunshine. Jane put on her red shoes and skipped outside. She skipped around the garden, over the flowers and around the trees. She even skipped so high that she could touch the sky! Eventually Jane got tired. She stopped, sat down and began to suck her thumb. She looked up to the sky and saw a big, white cloud. The cloud was so clear and as Jane watched it, she drifted away into a peaceful sleep. When Jane woke up she was still looking up at the clear sky. She smiled, hopped up and skipped away. She was so happy that she had a lovely day of skipping in the sunshine.Once upon a time, in a big field, there lived a nosy sheep named Sally. Sally loved to play with her friends. Her favorite game was hide and seek. One sunny day, Sally and her friends were playing hide and seek. Sally counted to ten while her friends ran and hid. Ready or not, here I come! Sally shouted. She looked behind a big tree and found her friend, Tom the rabbit. I see you, Tom! Sally laughed. Next, Sally saw a tail sticking out from behind a bush. She walked over and found her friend, Bella the squirrel. Found you, Bella! Sally said. Bella giggled and joined Sally and Tom. They all looked for their last friend, Max the puppy. Max was good at hiding. They looked and looked but could not find him. Then, Sally heard a bark from a little cave. She peeked inside and saw Max. We found you, Max! Sally said with a big smile. Max wagged his tail and they all laughed. They were happy to play together on a sunny day.Sophie was happy she had a new scooter. She took a look at it, and it was bright and shiny! She decided to take it for a spin. Sophie had so much fun wheeling around on it. As she wheeled around town, the sun was getting brighter and brighter. Suddenly, the scooter started to get very hot and Sophie stopped wheeling. The scooter was so hot it was melting! The bright and shiny scooter became dull and sad. Sophie started to cry. She was sad that her scooter had melted. She wished she had stopped wheeling sooner. But then, Sophies dad came over to her. He said Dont worry this can be fixed! He hugged Sophie then took the scooter to get it fixed. Sophie was happy again, and soon she was wheeling around town on her scooter once more.Once there was a little turtle named Toby. He was very slow but he was always happy. One day Toby decided to go for a walk. He picked up his shell and went on his way. As he was walking, he saw a big, tall log. He was curious, so he slowly picked it up. He wanted to see what was inside. As Toby opened the log he found a cozy little surprise a family of baby birds! Toby smiled and moved the log back to its original spot. He was so excited to see the birds that he started to run, but then he remembered he was slow and had to walk. As Toby walked home he thought of his special surprise and smiled all the way.In the dark night, a 3 year old was walking in the snow. He looked around and saw an igloo in front of him. He wanted to explore it, so he slowly approached it. Suddenly, a loud voice said, Dont go in there! Its not safe! The little boy looked around and saw a giant polar bear. The polar bear said, Im here to protect the igloo. The little boy was very scared, but he asked, Why would you want to protect an igloo? The polar bear replied, Because the igloo is my home. I want to make sure its safe. The little boy understood and thanked the polar bear for protecting the igloo. From then on, whenever he would walk by the igloo in the dark night, he would remember how the polar bear was protecting it.Once there was a little girl named Happy, who was very popular. All the kids at school liked to play with Happy. One day, when Happy went out to play in the sunshine, she saw something strange. It was a big shadow following her around. She asked her friend John what it was, and he said, Thats your shadow! Happy smiled. She thought it was very cool that she had a shadow. She could do lots of things with her shadow like walking, dancing and jumping. Her shadow would always be there with her, no matter what. Happy loved playing with her shadow so much that she often forgot it was following her around. She decided to call her shadow Cuddle. Every day, Happy and Cuddle would have fun together in the sunshine. They became the best of friends!Once upon a time there was a beautiful baseball. It was round and shiny. Every day it would wave to the sun. It was so happy when it saw the sun! One day, the baseball decided to go on a journey. It hopped and skipped as it went. As it rolled along, it waved to all the things it saw. The baseball waved to trees, bugs and even birds. Everywhere it went, it waved hello. Eventually it came to a beautiful field. It was the most beautiful place the baseball had ever seen! The baseball skipped around the field and waved to all the flowers and plants. Finally, it laid down and enjoyed the sunshine. From then on, the baseball visits the field every day. It loves to spend time in the beautiful field and wave hello to all the things it loves.Once upon a time there were two best friends, Harry and Lou. They were always together playing house and laughing. One day, Harry had a great idea. He wanted to buy a special treat for Lou. He had some sugar he wanted to use to make her a sweet surprise. So Harry carefully measured out the sugar, and made a lovely, sweet treat. He worked hard to make it perfect. Lou was amazed when she saw it. It looked so shiny! Harry said, âœI polished it to make it look extra special for you.â Lou said thank you and gave Harry a tight hug. From that day on, Harry and Lou knew that when you work hard to do something good for someone else, its important to take the time to make it special. Taking care and paying attention to the details can really show your friend you care. Thatâs when a special treat is really appreciated.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. He had a toy named Mr. Bear. They liked to play together every day. One day, Tim looked up and saw a big bug on the ceiling. He wanted the bug to go away, but it was too high for him to reach. Tim had an idea. He asked Mr. Bear, Can you help me get the bug down? Mr. Bear, who was very useful, replied, Yes, Tim! I will help you. So Tim put Mr. Bear on top of a chair and then climbed up too. Now, they were close to the ceiling. With a little jump, Tim and Mr. Bear touched the bug. The bug flew away and was gone. Tim was so happy that the bug was gone. He said, Thank you, Mr. Bear, for being so useful! They both smiled and played together for the rest of the day.Once upon a time there was a puppy who was very miserable. He lived with an owner who was not nice. Every morning the puppy would rise and do what his owner said in the hopes of being happy. But this never worked. The owner never gave the puppy any love. This made the puppy feel very miserable. Then one day, something magical happened. A new person came to the house and the puppy felt very happy to see them. This person was very kind and the puppy knew they were here to help him. The new person said she was the puppys new owner and she took him far away. The puppy was so excited and could feel himself rising from his former misery. With his new owner, the puppy was very happy. She showed him lots of love and was always gentle and kind to him. From that day forward, the puppy was never miserable again. He rose to a life of love, joy and happiness.Once upon a time, there was a happy little girl named Lily. She loved playing outside and exploring the earth. One day, she found a big rock that she wanted to turn into a special present for her mommy. She thought and thought about how to design it just right. But then, a naughty squirrel came along and tried to steal the rock! Lily was upset and scared. She didnt want to lose her special present for her mommy. But then, she remembered to be grateful for all the other rocks and pretty things she had found on earth. She decided to let the squirrel have the rock and be happy with what she had. And in the end, Lily still made a beautiful present for her mommy with all the other treasures she found.Little Joe was walking to the park with his mom. He was so excited to go play, he just couldnt wait. His mom stopped him by the bathroom though. It was brown and old, and it always made Little Joe sad. His mom pointed to it and said, One day, Little Joe, that bathroom will be your playground. Little Joe was confused and he started to yell. His mom said nothing. They kept walking until they finally reached the park. As soon as Little Joe saw the park, he knew why his mom had stopped by the bathroom. It wasnt his playground, it was full of swings, slides, and other things to play with. Little Joe smiled and yelled with joy. His mom had known that the park was the perfect place for him to play.Once upon a time, there was a family who was going on vacation. The parents had just bought a brand new camera to take pictures of the trip. When they got to the hotel, they decided to wrap the camera up to keep it safe. The next morning, the family went out to explore the city. Suddenly, their 3 year old got really excited and shouted âœLook, look!â Everyone saw a camera in the window of a store. The 3 year old wanted to go inside and buy the camera, but the parents said no. They told him that they had already bought a camera and it was wrapped at the hotel. The 3 year old was very upset and stomped his feet. But later on that day, when the family went back to the hotel, they realized something strange. When they opened the package, the camera was missing! The 3 year old couldnt hide his excitement. He said âœDid you get a new camera?â The parents were speechless. It turned out that the 3 year old had taken the camera out of the package and brought it to the store. They had bought the new camera by mistake!Once upon a time there were two friends, Raffi and Susan. They liked to play in the garden together. One day Raffi found a big bucket of water. He wanted to share it with his friend so he put it on the ground and said Lets scatter the water! So Raffi and Susan took turns to scoop up the water and scatter it around the garden. They laughed and splashed each other. The water felt cool on their toes. When their bucket was empty, they looked around. They noticed that the flowers were looking a bit weak. So they decided to grab the bucket again, filled it up with water and scattered it around the garden. The water made the flowers grow and become strong and healthy. Raffi and Susan were so excited that they hugged each other in joy. They had a lot of fun playing together and helping the flowers.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play hide and seek with her friends. One day, she found a secret hiding spot behind a big tree. She felt her heart beating fast with excitement as she hid there. When it was her turn to seek, she looked everywhere but couldnt find her friends. She searched high and low until she finally found them hiding in the bushes. Lily was happy that she completed the game and found her friends. After the game, Lily showed her friends her hidden spot behind the tree. They were all amazed and wanted to hide there too. From that day on, they always played hide and seek near the big tree and Lilys hidden spot became a favorite hiding place for everyone.Once upon a time, there was a little girl called Sarah. She was three years old and loved to explore her house. One day, Sarah found a big circle in the shower. She went over and touched its hard surface, and it felt cold and uncomfortable. Sarah went to ask her mom why it was there. Mommy, what is this big circle? she asked. Oh that? That is a drain, honey replied her mom. Why is it there? asked Sarah. We need it so the water can drain away after we bathe replied her mom. Sarah smiled in understanding. The next time she was in the bathroom, Sarah looked at the circle with a new appreciation. She could see how it was an important part of the familys bathing routine.Once upon a time, there was a factory. Inside, workers chewed all day. They chewed candy, chocolate, and lollipops. The factory was very successful. Everyone was happy and had lots of treats. One day, a worker found something special. It was a giant gumball machine! Everyone was so excited. The worker chewed and chewed until the giant gumball came out. Inside was the most delicious flavor. The workers wanted to share their delight. So, they went and shared the gum with everyone. Everyone chewed, laughed and was delighted. The factory was so successful people came from all over the world to enjoy their delicious treats. The factory workers were happy and did lots of fun things. They were proud of their factory and all their chewy treats!Once upon a time there was a little girl named Jane. Jane was three years old and loved music. One day her mommy suggested, Lets go and see a band! Jane was so excited. She put on her special dress and went with her mommy to the band show. The show was loud and harsh, but Jane still liked it. She saw many people playing different instruments and singing. She wanted to join them but she was a bit shy. So her mommy said, Lets suggest you go to the stage and sing with them. Jane thought about it for a few moments then said, Okay mommy, Ill go sing with them! So she went on the stage, sang her favorite song and had a great time. Everyone clapped and cheered for her. Jane had a great time and she never forgot that day when she sang with the band!Tom and Lily are twins. They like to play in the garden. One day, they see a big pile of dirt. They wonder what is inside. Lets dig! Tom says. He takes a shovel and starts to scoop the dirt. Lily helps him. They work hard and have fun. Soon, they find something round and brown. It is a potato. They feel happy and excited. They dig some more and find more potatoes. Wow, look at all these potatoes! Lily says. We can make a soup with them! Or we can make fries! Tom says. He likes fries a lot. They put the potatoes in a basket and run to the house. They want to show their mom and dad. They feel proud of their discovery. But on the way, they hear a loud bark. It is Rex, the neighbors dog. He is big and scary. He sees the twins and the basket. He wants the potatoes. He runs after them. Tom and Lily feel afraid and alert. They run faster and faster. They shout for help. Mom! Dad! Rex is chasing us! Their mom and dad hear them. They come out of the house. They see Rex and the basket. They yell at Rex and scare him away. Are you okay, kids? their mom asks. She hugs them and checks them for injuries. Were okay, mom, Tom says. He holds the basket tight. We found potatoes in the garden, Lily says. She shows them the potatoes. Their mom and dad smile and praise them. They take them and the basket inside. They wash the potatoes and cook them. They make a soup and some fries. They share them with the twins. They all enjoy the meal. Tom and Lily feel happy and safe. They love their mom and dad. They love their potatoes. They love their garden. They hope to find more things to dig.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She was going on a trip with her family and they had to pack their luggage. Lily was very excited to see all the new things they would find on their trip. As they were packing, Lilys mom said, Make sure you pack your favorite book, Lily. You never know when you might want to read it. Lily looked at her mom and nodded her head. She knew her mom was very intelligent and always knew what was best. On the trip, Lily and her family went to a big city. They saw many tall buildings and bright lights. Lily was amazed by all the new things she saw. Then, they went to a museum where they saw many interesting things. Lilys mom said, Look at all the beautiful art, Lily. Its so amazing! Lily looked at the art and smiled. She was having so much fun with her family. At the end of the trip, as they were packing their luggage to go home, Lilys mom said, Im so glad we brought your book, Lily. It was a good idea. Lily smiled and felt proud that she had remembered to pack it. She knew her mom was very intelligent and always knew what to do.Lily liked to write. She wrote on paper, on walls, on books, on anything she could find. She wrote her name, she wrote shapes, she wrote letters. She was very proud of her writing. One day, she saw a big crane outside her window. It was lifting heavy things and making loud noises. Lily wanted to write on the crane. She thought it would look charming. She took her crayons and ran outside. She climbed on the crane and started to write. She wrote LILY in big letters. She wrote a heart and a star. She wrote a smiley face. She was having fun. But then, the crane driver saw her. He was angry. He shouted at her to get down. He said she was naughty and dangerous. He said she ruined his crane. He called her mom. Lilys mom came and took her away. She was sad and scared. She said sorry to the crane driver. She said sorry to her mom. She learned that she should not write on things that are not hers. She learned that writing is good, but only in the right place. She learned to be careful and respectful.Once upon a time, there was a big, green crocodile who lived in a swamp. He was very scary and had lots of sharp teeth. One day, a little girl was walking by the swamp and saw the crocodile. She was so scared that she ran away as fast as she could. But then, a kind man came along and saw the little girl crying. He asked her what was wrong and she told him about the crazy crocodile. The man knew just what to do he went to the store and bought some special polish. When he got back to the swamp, he used the polish to make the crocodiles teeth shiny and clean. The crocodile was so happy that he stopped being scary and became friends with the little girl. From then on, they would play together every day and have lots of fun.Anna liked to play in the attic. She had many toys there, like dolls and cars and books. She also liked to look at the old things that her grandma and grandpa had. There were boxes and bags and trunks full of clothes and pictures and letters. One day, Anna found a big hat in a trunk. It was red and fluffy and had a feather on it. She put it on her head and felt very fancy. She wanted to show it to her mom and dad. She ran to the stairs, but she did not see the loose board on the floor. Anna stepped on the board and it moved. She lost her balance and fell down the stairs. She bumped her head and her knee and her elbow. She cried out loud. The hat flew off her head and landed on a lamp. Mom and dad heard Annas cry and ran to the attic. They saw her lying on the floor, with blood on her face and her clothes. They were very scared and worried. They picked her up and hugged her. They said, Are you okay, Anna? What happened? Anna sobbed and said, I found a hat and I wanted to show you, but I fell and it hurt. And I lost the hat. Im sorry, mom and dad. Mom and dad kissed her and said, Its okay, Anna. Were not mad at you. Were glad youre not hurt too bad. Well clean your wounds and put a bandaid on them. And well find the hat. Its a very pretty hat. You look very cheerful in it.John was a little boy who really loved cars. He had a big red car and it was his favourite. Every day, he would take his car for a drive. One day, John was driving around when he drove into a dark tunnel. He could hardly see anything but he kept driving until suddenly, he heard a loud crash. His car had gone over a broken fence at the end of the tunnel. John got out of his car and looked at the broken fence. He thought it was so strange. He wanted to know who had put the fence there. Just then, a big bus drove up to the tunnel. Out popped a friendly man who said to John, What are you doing in this tunnel? John told the man about the broken fence and asked him who had put it up. The man smiled and said, Im the one who built this fence and put it here. You see, I wanted to keep everyone safe and make sure that no one got hurt by driving into this tunnel. But it looks like my fence is broken now. John thanked the man for being so kind and said goodbye. He drove away happy and content, having cleared up the mystery of the broken fence in the tunnel.One day, a little boy went outside to play. He wanted to explore the world around him. He looked around and noticed a west. He started walking towards it. As he walked, he saw something light in the distance. He was curious and wanted to learn more. He paused and stared at the light. It felt like something magical was in the air. He decided to explore the light. He started walking towards the west. As he walked, the light got brighter. He was so excited about his adventure. He finally reached the west. In front of him was something so bright and beautiful. He couldnt believe it was real. He stood there in awe. He looked around and noticed he was in a garden full of beautiful colors and flowers. He was so happy to be in such a beautiful place. He paused and smiled as he enjoyed the scenery.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, she saw her friend Timmy with a rabbit. It was so cute! Lily loved the rabbit and wanted to play with it. She asked Timmy if she could borrow the rabbit, but Timmy was nervous to let her take it. Lily promised to take good care of the rabbit and not to hurt it. She said she would bring it back as soon as she was done playing with it. Timmy finally agreed and let her borrow the rabbit. Lily had so much fun playing with the rabbit! She gave it carrots to eat and cuddled with it. When it was time to return the rabbit, Lily thanked Timmy for letting her borrow it. She promised to ask for permission next time before taking anything that wasnt hers.Once upon a time, there were two friends called John and Lucy. They liked playing together all day. One day after they had finished playing, they decided to discuss what they wanted to have for lunch. John wanted to have soup, but Lucy thought that it sounded too hot for lunch. Instead, she suggested to have a salad. John thought about it for a minute and then agreed. While they were discussing, Lucy began to feel a bit dizzy. She looked very pale, so John said that she should sit down for a moment and have some water. Once Lucy had a drink of water, she felt much better and was ready to eat lunch. John and Lucy sat down together and enjoyed their salad. They had so much fun as they chatted and ate lunch together. It was a delicious lunch and when they were done, they were feeling happy and much less dizzy.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to go on walks in the forest with her mommy and daddy. One day, as they were walking, her daddy stumbled over a log. He didnt get hurt, but Lily thought it was funny. Later on, they came across a big hill. Lilys mommy said, Look at that hill, its so tall and impressive! Lily was scared to climb it, but her daddy encouraged her, You can do it, just take it step by step. Lily slowly climbed up the hill, and when she got to the top, she felt so proud of herself. She looked out over the trees and saw a beautiful sunset. Her mommy and daddy smiled at her, and Lily knew that she had accomplished something great. From that day on, she loved going on walks in the forest, and she never forgot to watch out for logs to stumble over.Mummy and Daddy were very worried. No one took care of them or their baby. Money was scarce and they didnt have a job. So, Mummy and Daddy started to think of a plan to take care of their family. Mummy and Daddy looked for clues for how to make their lives better. They had heard that a very important job was available in town. Even though they knew it might be hard, they decided to go weigh the job and see if they could do it. Mummy and Daddy were very fearful, but they had to try. They checked the job carefully and got all the information they needed. Sure enough, Mummy and Daddy were able to do the job! They gratefully accepted and soon enough, Mummy and Daddy had enough money to take care of their family. They hugged each other, glad and happy that their plan worked. The family was much happier and their money troubles were all gone. They thanked their luck, and Daddy always reminds them about the importance of trying.Molly was three years old and she wanted to do something special. She asked her mom if she could do something special and mom said yes. Her mom said that she could go and sign for a mysterious television. Molly was confused and asked, What does sign up mean? Her mom replied, It means that you are going to tell someone that you want to buy the television. Molly was excited and rushed off to the store. In the store, she told the store manager that she wanted to sign up for the mysterious television. The store manager smiled and said, Ok, lets get you all set up! Molly was so excited that she clapped her hands. The store manager helped her fill out the paperwork and after a few minutes Molly was all set. She thanked the store manager and ran home, dreaming of her new mysterious television. When she got home, she proudly showed her mom the paperwork and her mom smiled and said, Well done, Molly! You did it! Molly was so happy that she hugged her mom. She couldnt wait to get her new mysterious television and show it off to all her friends.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She was very excited to go on a trip with her family. They were going to stay in a hotel by the beach. When they arrived at the hotel, Lily noticed that her little brother, Max, looked very pale. She asked him if he was feeling okay. Max said he didnt feel well and wanted to go home. Lilys parents were worried and didnt know what to do. They decided to take Max to the doctor. The doctor said Max had a fever and needed to rest. Lily was sad that they couldnt stay in the hotel and play on the beach, but she was happy that Max would feel better soon. She told him, Dont worry Max, well come back to the hotel another time when you feel better and well have lots of fun!Once upon a time, there was a baby named Timmy. Timmy loved his crib and would sleep in it every night. One day, Timmys big sister Molly wanted to play with him. She asked him to follow her to the park. Timmy was excited and he followed her. Molly was not honest with Timmy. She led him to a scary forest instead of the park. Timmy got scared and started crying. He wanted to go back to his crib. But Molly didnt care and left him alone in the forest. Poor Timmy was lost and didnt know what to do. He cried and cried until a kind stranger found him and took him back home. The moral of the story is to always be honest and never lead someone into danger.Once upon a time, there was a little bunny named Benny. Benny loved to play and eat carrots all day long. But one day, Benny got sick and started to sneeze a lot. His mommy bunny told him that he needed to rest and exercise to feel better. Benny didnt like to exercise, but his mommy bunny showed him how to hop and run around. It was impressive how much energy she had! Benny tried to do the same, and soon he was having fun while he exercised. After a few days of rest and exercise, Benny felt much better. He realized that taking care of his body was important, and he promised to exercise every day. From that day on, Benny was a healthy and happy bunny who loved to play and eat carrots even more. The moral of the story is that exercise and rest are important for our bodies to be happy and healthy.Once, there was a girl named Lily. Everyone thought Lily was very intelligent. She had long, curly hair that she liked to mark with colourful bows. Lily and her friend, Mike, were playing in the park one day. While they were playing tag, Mike saw something shiny in the grass. He went to pick it up. What did you find, Mike? asked Lily. Its a marker! shouted Mike, proudly holding it up in the air. I love markers, said Lily. Lets paint our hair! Mike and Lily laughed at the idea. They each used the marker to draw a big, colourful bow in their hair. Afterwards, Mike and Lily went back to their game of tag. From then on, Lily was known for her intelligent and creative style.Once upon a time, in a small house, there was a little dog named Spot. Spot loved to eat. His favorite food was sausage. One day, Spots mom made some delicious sausage for dinner. Spot was very happy. Spot wanted to eat all the sausages. But his mom said, No, Spot, you must share with your sister. Spot did not like to share. He started to complain. But Mom, I want all the sausages! he said. His mom said, Spot, it is nice to share with others. Spot knew his mom was right. He gave some sausage to his sister. They both ate the delicious sausage and were happy. Spot learned that sharing is good.Once there was a young bird, who wanted to soar in the sky. But no matter how hard she tried, she couldnt seem to fly. One day, the bird heard about a magical chamber. Inside the chamber was a secret that would help the bird soar. The bird flew up to the chamber and knocked on the door. Whos there? said a voice from inside. The bird replied, Its me, the young bird who wants to soar in the sky. May I come in and learn the secret to flying? Yes, come on in, the voice said. The bird entered the chamber, and was amazed by what she saw. She saw a beautiful feather and a golden hourglass. The voice said, This feather is your ticket to flying. Use the independent spirit within you to soar. Put the feather in your hair, close your eyes and imagine yourself flying as high as you can. The bird followed the instructions and felt her heart soar. Miraculously, she was able to fly! From that day forward, the young bird became an independent flyer who was able to soar through the sky.Once upon a time, there lived four friends who lived together. They wanted to share a meal together, so they went to get their knives ready. One friend was careful and wanted to make sure it was safe so she sorted the knives. Some were too sharp and some were too dull. She found four that were just right and gave one to each of her friends. She was so proud that she had kept them safe. They enjoyed their meal together and ate with their knives. Everyone was so happy and they all said they had the best time. After that, they promised that each time they had dinner together, they would always sort the knives first to make sure it was safe for everyone.Once upon a time there was an animal called Joe. Joe wanted to succeed in life. He tried and tried but he didnt seem to make any progress. One day he had an original idea. He decided to save up each day and invest in something. He worked hard to save his money and eventually he succeeded. One day Joe was walking and he saw another animal. Joe walked up to her and said, Hi, Im Joe. I wanted to show you something. I have succeeded in saving money and investing in something special. Would you like to see it? The other animal said, Sure. Joe showed her the original item he had bought. Her eyes lit up in excitement. She said, That is so great. You must have worked really hard to achieve this. From that day on Joe and the other animal became very good friends. They celebrated Joes success and always cheered each other on to succeed.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys and her friends. One day, Lily went to a race with her friends. They all wanted to win the race, but Lily just wanted to have fun. During the race, Lily saw that her friend was really fast. She wanted to keep up with her, but she couldnt. She started to feel sad, but then she remembered that its not all about winning. She felt happy just to be there with her friends. After the race, Lilys friend won the first prize. She was very happy, but Lily wasnt sad. She was happy for her friend and kept a modest smile on her face. She learned that its not always about winning, but about having fun and being happy for others.Once upon a time there was a little duck who loved to play in the sunshine. But one day the weather was very difficult. The sky was dark and cloudy and it was too rainy to go outside. The little duck was sad and did not know what to do. He wanted to play, but the bad weather was delaying his plans. He tried to think of something else to do but nothing seemed very fun. Then suddenly, the rain stopped and some of the clouds moved away. Suddenly there were blue skies! The little duck was very excited and flew outside as fast as he could. He was happy to be able to enjoy the sun again and he spent the rest of the day playing.Once upon a time there were two best friends, Joe and Tina. Joe was very curious and eager to find new things. One day, he noticed a spark in the distance and he urged Tina to go with him and find out what it was. They walked for miles and hours until they turned a corner and saw a house with a new fence. Joe was very excited and he quickly ran towards the fence to find a secret door. He opened the door and inside he found an abandoned room. They started to explore the room searching for the spark. Suddenly, Joe saw the spark glowing in the corner and he wanted to take it home. However, as soon as Joe reached for it the room locked them in and slowly started to fill up with water! Joe and Tina scrambled to find a way out but it was too late. They were doomed. The spark had set them up for a bad ending. The End.Once upon a time there was a famous man named Joe. Joe loved to count stuff. He could count anything, from trees to toys. Every morning he would hop out of bed and count the stars in the sky. He would count the toys in his room, too. One day Joe decided to count something even biggerâall the trees in the park! He went over to the park and began counting the trees. Then he counted the flowers, the rocks and the bugs. He even counted the people who were visiting the park! Joe was so proud of what he had done. He was famous for counting stuff. He told all of his friends about his counting adventures and soon everyone in the town knew about Joe and his famous counting! The End.Once upon a time there was a little girl who loved to be creative. Every day, she would gather her chalk and go outside to draw on the sidewalk. She drew flowers, trees, and hearts for all the birds and bugs to see. One night, the little girl was very tired, so she said goodnight to the bugs and birds, and went inside to sleep. All night long, she dreamed about the pictures she had drawn in the sunshine. The next morning, she woke up with a new idea! She took her chalk and drew magical pictures in the sky. The clouds were like animals and the sun was like a bright flower. Everyone in the neighborhood stopped to watch. Finally, the little girl was satisfied with her creative work. After a day of drawing, she went inside, said goodnight to the clouds again and went to bed. As she fell asleep, she was happy knowing that her art was in the sky for everyone to see.One day, Fred the bear went down to the rail. On the rail was a big truck full of supplies. Fred was so excited to see what was inside. He jumped on the truck to take a look. Inside the truck there were a lot of fake supplies. The supplies were not real supplies but they looked like they were. Fred was very entertained by the fake supplies. He enjoyed pretending with them and building things. He even took a few back home to show his friends. Everyone had fun pretending with them and playing in the garden. Fred was so happy he had found the secret rail full of fake supplies!Mama and Papa went to the store and bought a big surprise for their three year old daughter. It was a thick, black grill for their backyard. The little girl was so excited, she could not wait to try it out! She asked mama if she could have a barbeque party soon. Mama smiled and said yes. She promised her daughter she would make all of her favorite burgers, hotdogs, and roasted vegetables. The little girl smiled, ran off to play and did not forget about the promise. A few days later, Papa, Mama, and the little girl went to the backyard. Papa set up the grill, Mama put on her special cooking hat, and together they loaded the big grill with all the food. The little girl watched as the grill heated up while Papa put all the food on it. Mama put lettuce, tomatoes, and all the other veggies on the burgers. Papa put hotdogs and hamburgers on the thick grill. The little girl smelled the delicious aroma as the food cooked. Finally, it was time to eat! Papa said grace, and everyone enjoyed the delicious food. The little girl clapped, smiled and said. âœThank you for the promise and the grill!âLily liked to talk to her plant. She gave it water and sun and said nice things to it. She hoped the plant would reply, but it never did. It only grew green leaves and sometimes flowers. One day, Lily saw a new plant in the garden. It was big and purple and had a mouth. Lily was curious and went to say hello. Hi, plant. What is your name? she asked. The plant opened its mouth and said, I am a Venus flytrap. I eat bugs and sometimes birds. Who are you? Lily was surprised and scared. She had never heard a plant talk before. She ran back to her house and hugged her normal plant. You are my friend, plant. You dont eat bugs or birds. You are nice and quiet and pretty, she said. The normal plant did not reply, but it seemed to smile. Lily felt happy and safe with her plant. She decided to stay away from the purple plant in the garden. It was too strange and scary for her.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Jane. She was very cheerful and always had a big smile on her face. One day, Jane was walking through the park when she spotted a shiny pen in the grass. She quickly ran to grab it. As she grabbed the pen, a loud voice behind her asked, Where did you get that pen? Jane turned around and saw a friendly looking man. She said, I found it in the grass! The man smiled and said, Well, it looks like you had a lucky find. You can keep it! Jane was so excited that she couldnt stop smiling. She thanked the kind man as she ran home with her cheerful new pen.Once upon a time there were two best friends, Tommy and Sam. They were playing at the park and having lots of fun. Lets play a game, said Tommy. Yes, said Sam excitedly. What should we do? Lets repeat our names. Ill start, said Tommy. So they both took turns saying their names over and over again until they got tired. After they both finished they heard a loud noise coming from the sky. When they looked up they saw a dead bird. The boys got scared and started to cry. Suddenly there was a second loud noise and the ground started to shake. When the shaking stopped the boys looked around, but everything was destroyed. They were so sad and the game of repeating their names was forgotten forever.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her dolls and sing songs. One day, Lily went to the park with her mom. There, she saw a magician doing magic tricks. Lily was so happy and amazed by the magic. But then, the magician asked Lily if she wanted to help with a trick. Lily was scared because she didnt know what to do. Her mom said it was okay to say no if she disagreed with the magician. So, Lily said no and the magician understood. After that, Lily and her mom went home and had some ice cream. Lily told her mom about the magic and how she was scared to help. Her mom told her it was okay to be scared and that she did the right thing by disagreeing with the magician. From then on, Lily knew that it was important to always speak up if she felt scared or uncomfortable.Tom and Jen were going to visit their grandma. They had a big bag with clothes and toys. They were happy to see grandma and give her hugs. But when they got to grandmas house, they saw a big mess. There were papers and books and cans everywhere. Grandma said a bad mouse was making the mess. She tried to catch the mouse with a trap, but the mouse was too smart. Tom and Jen wanted to help grandma. They had an idea. They unpacked their bag and took out their toy cars and blocks. They made a road with the cars and a tower with the blocks. They put some cheese on top of the tower. They hoped the mouse would like the cheese and climb the tower. They hid behind the sofa and waited. Soon, they heard a squeak. They saw the mouse run to the tower and nibble the cheese. But then, the tower fell down and the mouse was trapped under the blocks. Tom and Jen ran to the mouse and picked it up. They put it in a box with some holes. Grandma was very happy. She thanked Tom and Jen for catching the mouse. She said they were very clever and brave. She gave them some cookies and milk. Tom and Jen were proud. They had helped grandma and had fun. They smiled and hugged grandma. They loved grandma and grandma loved them.Jill was walking in the park, where she could see a beautiful view. There were lots of birds singing and the wind gently blowing. Suddenly the trees began to move and the wind became strong. Jill was scared, until she realized it was only a big gust of wind that had sprung up. But then she heard a loud noise, like thunder in the distance. She looked up and saw dark storm clouds rolling in. She started to worry she wouldnt be able to see the beautiful view anymore. Jill was scared, but she was also brave. She held out her hand and let the strong wind blow on it. It felt like the wind was telling her that she could make it through the storm. Jill was brave and kept walking. When the storm passed, she could still see the beautiful view in the park. She was so proud of herself for being strong and brave.Once upon a time, there was a dog named Max. Max was a wild dog who loved to run and play outside. One day, Max went for a walk and got lost. He was scared and didnt know what to do. Suddenly, he saw a kind lady who wanted to help him. She put a collar on Max and took him home. Max was so happy to have someone to help him. From that day on, Max never wandered off again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to talk on the telephone with her friends. One day, Lilys mom got a very special phone call. It was from her grandma who lived far away. Lilys mom was very happy because she didnt get to talk to her grandma very often. Lily knew that her mom was talking to her grandma because she could hear her moms happy voice. After her mom finished talking on the phone, Lily asked if she could say hello to her grandma too. Her mom said yes and handed Lily the phone. Lily was so excited to talk to her grandma. She asked her how she was doing and told her about her day. Her grandma was happy to hear from her and told her she loved her very much. It was a rare treat for Lily to talk to her grandma on the phone, but she was happy she got to know that her grandma was doing well.Once upon a time there was a bear. He was a big bear and he had a lot of friends. One day, his friends asked him for help. He had to fold something very fast, so he used his big paws and worked hard. The bear worked quick and neatly. He folded and tucked the paper, hands sliding over it, folding it into smaller and smaller pieces. With every fold, he made it look nicer and neater. When he was done, he held the paper up to show his friends. It was so neat and hard. His friends clapped with delight, praising him for his work. The bear was very proud. He had done something hard, but he had done it quick. The end.Once there was a little girl who owned a special wrap. It was a very colourful wrap and she always wore it. Everywhere she went she wore it and it made her very happy. One day, a fake one appeared in the store. It was very similar to the one the little girl owned and the shopkeeper claimed it was the same. But the little girl knew something was wrong and that the one in the store was fake. The little girl was sad and felt very angry that someone would try to sell a fake one. She wanted to get her wrap back and show it to the shopkeeper. So the little girl set out to find her wrap and make sure no one else was tricked by the fake one. For days the girl searched for the wrap. Finally, she found it and was so happy. She thought of how she could show the shopkeeper that the one he was selling was not the real thing. The next day she took her wrap to the shop and said, âœThis is the real wrap. The other one is fake!â The shopkeeper laughed and said, âœYes, youâre right. I guess I was wrong. You can take it home for free.â The little girl was so happy to have her wrap back and the shopkeeper learned his lesson. From then on the shopkeeper told the truth about all his wraps.Once upon a time, there was a thin rhinoceros. He loved going for walks in the park and taking in the sights. One day, while wandering, he spotted something special. From afar, he could see a shiny, sparkly rock. He was so surprised at the sight, he just had to take a closer look! So, he trudged over, his feet clamoring over the soft grass. When he was close enough, he stopped and gazed at the stone. It was beautiful, with swirls of green and blues. He wanted it to be his, so he carefully picked it up. He stared at it for a few moments more, then shuffled away, admiring his sparkling new treasure. He smiled the whole way home, giddy with excitement. He was so happy to have found such an amazing thing just for him!Once upon a time there was a little rabbit called Ted. Ted was always very careful whenever he went out for his adventure. One day, as he was hopping around, he saw a very yummy looking carrot. He said to himself I must have a bite of this delicious carrot. So Ted hopped closer and took a big bite! It was the yummiest carrot Ted had ever tasted, but something was different about this carrot. As it slipped down his throat, he felt a strange wetness. So Ted hopped over to a nearby pond to take a look. The pond was full of tasty carrot juices! He quickly hopped back to the carrot patch and found that all the carrots had soaked up all the water from the pond! Wow! Ted said, Im so lucky I got here quick. I need to be careful next time! Ted hopped away with a full tummy, happy to have had such a great adventure. All thanks to that one special carrot!Once upon a time, there was a frog who was scared of taking risks. One day, the frog saw some other frogs jumping into the pond and having so much fun. He wanted to join them, but he felt so nervous. Then, a voice came to him. It was his mama. She told the frog, âœItâs okay to be scared of taking risks. But you have to take risks in order to experience the joy of life. So dive into the pond, my brave little frog!â The frog felt brave and curious. As the sun set, he took a deep breath and jumped into the pond. He felt the cool water on his skin. He was so happy to be part of this amazing adventure. From that day on, the frog kept on taking risks and enjoying every part of his life. Every evening, he watched the sunset, feeling grateful and content. The frog had learned an important lesson that taking risks is part of life.Once upon a time there was a boy called Jack. He was only 3 years old but he wanted to find something exciting. One day, Jack looked around the house. He wanted to find something fun. Suddenly, Jack saw something shiny. He looked closer and it was a trumpet! Jack picked it up and he put it to his lips. He blew as hard as he could and then, a big, loud noise came from the trumpet. He loved it! He took it with him everywhere he went. He also loved to try new things, so he decided to make his trumpet even more exciting. He added many different spices, such as chilli and pepper, to make his trumpet spicy. When he blew the trumpet, it made a very spicy sound and it was so delicious, he couldnt stop smiling. Jack was so excited that he had found such a fun thing, and he enjoyed playing with his spicy trumpet every day!Once upon a time there was a girl named Jill. She was threeyearsold and loved playing with her toys. One day she found some pages on the ground. She thought they must have been from a book. She wanted to match the pages together so they would turn into a book again. But it was not easy, as the pages were very small. She got angry, because she couldnt find the right matches. She felt like she was trying forever. But then something wonderful happened. Her mother came over and saw what she was doing. She showed Jill how to match the pages together. Jill smiled as all of the pieces fit together like a puzzle. When the book was finished, her mothers friend came over with a surprise. It was a brand new book. Jill was so happy that she gave her mom a big hug.Sara and Tom are playing in the garden. They have a big tub of water and some toys. Sara has a yellow duck and Tom has a blue boat. They splash and laugh and have fun. Look, my duck can swim! Sara says. She makes the duck go up and down in the water. My boat can sail! Tom says. He blows on the boat and makes it move across the tub. They play for a long time. The sun is hot and the water is cool. They get wet and so do their toys. Uhoh, Mom is calling us! Sara says. She hears Moms voice from the house. Time to come in, kids! Lunch is ready! Mom says. Sara and Tom get out of the tub. They pick up their toys and run to the house. Wait, we have to dry our toys! Tom says. He remembers that water can make toys go bad. Youre right, Tom. Youre very smart! Sara says. She agrees with Tom. They find a towel and wipe their toys. They make sure they are not wet anymore. Good job, kids! You took good care of your toys! Mom says. She smiles and hugs them. They go inside and eat their lunch. They are happy and hungry. They still have their yellow duck and blue boat. They will play with them again later.Lily and Tom were playing in the park. They liked to run and jump and slide. But today, the park was full of fog. They could not see very far. Where are you, Tom? Lily called. She could not see her friend. Im here, Lily! Tom answered. He was on the swings. He tried to swing high, but the fog made him slow. He could not see the trees or the sky. Lily ran to the swings. She saw Toms shape in the fog. She smiled and joined him. They swung together, back and forth. Lets raise our hands and touch the fog! Lily said. She thought the fog was soft and cool. OK, lets do it! Tom said. He liked to try new things. They raised their hands and reached for the fog. They felt the wet air on their fingers. They giggled and swung faster. The fog was like a big blanket. It made them feel cozy and happy. They did not mind that they could not see very far. They had each other and the swings. They had fun in the fog.Once upon a time, there was a big, strong robot made of steel. He was very powerful and could lift heavy things with ease. One day, he was walking in the park and he saw a little girl crying. He went to her and asked her what was wrong. She said that she had torn her favorite teddy bear and couldnt fix it. The robot felt sad for the little girl and wanted to help her. He used his powerful arms to tear a piece of steel from his body and gave it to her. He showed her how to use it to fix her teddy bear. The little girl was very happy and hugged the robot, thanking him for his kindness. From that day on, the robot and the little girl became friends. They would often play together in the park and the robot would always be there to help her whenever she needed it. And the little girl never forgot how the robot had torn a piece of steel from his body to help her fix her teddy bear.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tom. Tom loved to play at the gym. He would run, jump, and swing all day long. He had so much fun with his friends. One day, Tom had a terrible fall. He was sad and scared. His friend, Sue, saw him fall and came to help him. Sue said, Are you okay, Tom? I am here to help you. Tom was very happy that Sue was there. He said, Thank you, Sue. I am sorry for being sad. Sue smiled and said, I forgive you, Tom. Lets play together again! So Tom and Sue played at the gym and had lots of fun.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She lived in a big house with her parents and her cat, Fluffy. One day, her mom asked her to help clean the house. Lily, can you help me gather all the toys and put them in the toy box? her mom asked. Yes, mommy! Lily replied. As Lily was picking up the toys, she noticed that there was a lot of dust on the shelves. Mommy, the shelves are dusty! she said. Can I help clean them? Of course, sweetie, her mom said. Heres a cloth. Be careful not to knock anything over. Lily wiped the shelves carefully, making sure not to make any noise. Suddenly, Fluffy jumped on the shelves and knocked over a vase. Oh no! Lily exclaimed. Fluffy, youre so noisy! Her mom came running in. What happened? she asked. It was Fluffy, Lily said. He knocked over the vase. Her mom smiled. Its okay, Lily. Accidents happen. Lets clean it up together.Once upon a time there was a Mommy and Daddy. They went to the store and bought some yummy ingredients. When they came home, Mommy and Daddy mixed together all the ingredients. It smelled really nice! Mommy and Daddy took a taste and it was terrible! They both made funny faces and said that they would never mix those ingredients together again. Mommy and Daddy decided to try something else. They mixed together some strawberries and cream. This time when they tasted it, the taste was delightful! They both smiled and said that this was much better than their first try. From then on, Mommy and Daddy mixed only delicious things together. They never mixed anything terrible again.Once upon a time there was a girl who loved fashion. Every day she liked to put on her pretty clothes. But she lived in an ugly town and none of her friends had nice things to wear. One day, the girl had a bright idea. She decided to make her own fashion. She used bits of colourful cloth and decorated them with buttons. All of her friends thought it was wonderful. The girl went on to make more of her own fashion. She made skirts, dresses and even hats. Her friends all asked for their own pieces, too. Soon the girl became very famous. Everyone from the town wore her designs and people from other places came to see if they could buy some. She was very proud of her own fashion and everyone admired her. She had really turned ugly fashion into something beautiful.Once there was a mom. She was worried. She wanted to help her 3yearold son learn to act nice and be polite to others. One day, she had a great idea. She took her son to the post office. At the post office, her son saw lots of cool things. He really wanted to take them home. His mom said, No thank you, but he was sad. Mom said, I can give you something else if you accept it. She got a special postcard for him. It had a picture of a clown on it. Her son was really excited! He said, Yes, I accept it! So, his mom was very happy. She said, That was such good behavior. Now we can go home. This was an important lesson. He had to learn to accept things he couldnt have. His mom was no longer worried.Once upon a time, there were two friends, Jane and Sarah. They were very good friends and always did fun things together. One day, Jane and Sarah decided to plan a special trip. They wanted to go to a temple that was very modern. So, Jane and Sarah made plans and got ready for their adventure. The night before they left, they packed their bags and went to bed early. The next day, Jane and Sarah drove nearly all day. When they arrived at the temple, they were excited. It was beautiful and modern, just like they expected. They spent the day exploring and learning about the temple. Jane and Sarah had a wonderful time. They were happy they had planned such a fun trip.Anna and Ben like to play in the snow. They make snowballs and snowmen and snow forts. They have fun and laugh a lot. But they also get cold and hungry. Mom calls them from the house. Come inside, kids! I have hot cocoa and cookies for you! Anna and Ben run to the house. They are happy to warm up and eat. Mom gives them each a cup of cocoa and a plate of cookies. They are chocolate chip cookies, their favorite. They smell good and taste good. Anna and Ben say thank you to Mom. But then they see something on the table. It is a big cookie, bigger than their hands. It has raisins and nuts and oatmeal. It is smelly and brown. Mom says it is her cookie. She says she likes it. Anna and Ben do not like it. They think it is yucky. They do not want to eat it. They have an idea. They take the big cookie and run outside. They find a spot in the snow. They dig a hole and put the cookie in it. They cover it with snow. They freeze the cookie. They go back to the house. They tell Mom they hid the cookie. They think Mom will be mad. But Mom is not mad. She laughs. She says they are silly. She says she will make more cookies for them. She says they can have any kind they want. Anna and Ben are happy. They hug Mom. They love Mom and her cookies.Once upon a time, there was a little boat that loved to sail. The boat had fur on its sail. It was the original boat with fur. One day, while the boat was sailing, it met another boat. The other boat did not have fur on its sail. The other boat said, I want fur like you. The two boats tried to share the fur, but it was not enough. The original boat with fur was sad. It wanted to make the other boat happy. Then, the wind blew the fur from the original boats sail. The fur split into two pieces. Now, both boats had fur on their sails. They were happy and sailed together in the sea.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim and his mom went to the store. They wanted to buy a toy. Tim saw a toy car. It was blue and icy. Tim liked the icy toy car. He asked his mom, Can I have the car? His mom looked at the price. The price was low. She said, Yes, you can have the car. When they got home, Tim was very happy. He wanted to play with his new toy car. He asked his mom, Can I unpack the car now? His mom said, Yes, you can unpack the car. Tim unpacked the car. He played with it all day. At night, Tim put his icy toy car next to his bed. He said goodnight to his mom. He was very happy with his new toy. Tim went to sleep with a big smile on his face.Once upon a time there was a gentle owl who kept a secret. It was a secret about a special mushroom. She had heard about a magical mushroom that could make animals marry each other. She was determined to find the special mushroom one day. One day, she flew through the air looking for this magical mushroom. She flew around the tallest tree, she flew around the sparkly lake, but still she couldnt find the special mushroom! She was almost ready to give up, when she heard a small voice. I might know where the special mushroom is, said the little voice. The owl flew closer to see who was talking. It was a baby bunny! Do you really know where the mushroom is? asked the owl. Yes, I do, said the bunny. He pointed in the direction of a big hill. Its right up there, at the top of the hill. Be careful, it is a long way up. So the owl flew off towards the hill. Finally, after a long morning of flying, she found the special mushroom. She was so happy! She knew that the magic mushroom could help her marry the one she loved.Once upon a time, a little boy named Timmy went to visit his grandma. Grandma cooked Timmy a yummy meal with his favorite food, chicken nuggets. Timmy thought the meal was so cool because he got to eat with his hands and dip his nuggets in ketchup. After dinner, Timmy and his grandma played a guessing game. Grandma would say a word and Timmy had to guess what it was. Timmy guessed dog and ball but he couldnt guess banana because he didnt like bananas. When it was time for Timmy to go home, he gave his grandma a big hug and said Thank you for the cool meal and fun guessing game, grandma!Once upon a time, there were two friends named Rick and Kate. Rick loved playing games and always wanted to win. Every day, he would try to come up with new ways to challenge Kate. One day, Rick found a special game. It was a modern game and it had lots of ice. Rick and Kate decided to play it together. They had to use the ice to build structures and then the structures had to be the tallest. The tallest structure would win the game. Rick and Kate worked together and created the tallest structure ever! Everyone was impressed by their work and Rick was very proud to win the game. Kate was happy too, even though she didnât win. She was proud of how well they worked together as friends. From then on, Rick and Kate always wanted to play together and have fun.Billy and his dad were walking in the woods when Billy saw a hole. He pointed it out to his dad who told him to be polite and not to touch it. But Billy was curious and wanted to see inside. So, carefully, he stepped closer and peeked in. He thought he saw something moving, but he wasnt sure. He looked back at his dad, who was shaking his head. Billy thought to himself and decided to be brave. He took one step closer and called out Hello? Suddenly, a little furry animal darted out of the hole and ran away. Billy smiled as his dad yelled Billy! He knew he wasnt supposed to do it, but he thought it was so worth it!Sara and Ben are friends. They like to play together. One day, they go to the town with Saras mom. The town is lively. There are many people and cars and shops. Look, Ben, there is a toy store! Sara says. She points to a window with dolls and cars and balls. Can we go inside, mom? Okay, but only for a little while. We have to finish our shopping soon, Saras mom says. She holds their hands and leads them to the store. Sara and Ben are happy. They see many toys they like. Sara picks up a doll with a pink dress. Ben picks up a car with a blue siren. They show each other their toys. These are nice, but we cant buy them today. Maybe another time, Saras mom says. She puts the toys back on the shelf. Come on, we have to go. Say bye to the toys. Bye, toys. See you later, Sara and Ben say. They wave to the toys and follow Saras mom. They leave the store and walk to the bus stop. They wait for the bus to take them home. They had a fun day in the town. They saw many things and played with toys. They are tired but happy. They hug each other and say, You are my best friend.Tom and Lily were playing in the kitchen. They wanted to make a cake for Mom. They had a big bowl, some flour, some eggs, some milk and some sugar. They also had a big spoon to stir. Can I stir, Tom? Lily asked. She was holding the spoon. OK, but be careful. Stir slowly and gently. Dont spill anything, Tom said. He was serious. He wanted the cake to be good. Lily nodded and started to stir. She liked to see the flour and the eggs and the milk and the sugar mix together. She stirred and stirred and stirred. But then, she felt something tickle her foot. She looked down and saw a furry tail. It was their cat, Snowy. Snowy was curious. He wanted to see what they were doing. Snowy, go away! Lily shouted. She tried to shoo him with her foot. But she lost her balance and dropped the spoon. The bowl tipped over and the cake mix spilled all over the floor. Oh no! Tom cried. He was not happy. He was angry. He looked at Lily and Snowy. Look what you did! You ruined the cake! Mom will be mad! Lily felt bad. She was sorry. She did not mean to spill the cake mix. She looked at Tom and Snowy. Im sorry, Tom. Im sorry, Snowy. I didnt see him. Can we make another cake? Tom sighed. He was still angry, but he was also kind. He knew Lily was sorry. He knew Snowy was just a cat. He looked at the mess on the floor. He knew they had to clean it up. OK, Lily. I forgive you. But we have to clean this up first. Then we can try to make another cake. But this time, no cats allowed. OK? Lily nodded. She was glad. She hugged Tom and Snowy. OK, Tom. Thank you. I love you. I love you, Snowy. But you have to stay away from the cake. OK? Snowy meowed. He did not understand. He just wanted to play. He licked his paw and tasted some cake mix. He liked it. He wondered if there was more.Once upon a time, there was a nosy little girl. She wanted to find out what was in the big white freezer in her mommys kitchen. One day, when her mommy wasnt looking, the nosy little girl tried to unlock the freezer door. She pulled on the handle, but it wouldnt open. She tugged and tugged, but the freezer stayed closed. The nosy little girl was getting frustrated, so she asked her mommy for help. Her mommy told her that the freezer was locked very tightly and the only way to open it was with a key. The little girl looked around, but she couldnt find a key anywhere. Just then, the nosy little girl had a great idea. She ran to her mommys bedroom and opened a small box. Inside the box was a key! She took the key and ran to the kitchen. The little girl put the key in the lock and turned it. The freezer clicked and the nosy little girl opened the door. To the nosy little girls surprise, inside the freezer was ice cream! She was so excited that she called her mommy to share the good news. The nosy little girl enjoyed some ice cream and learned a valuable lesson sometimes the best things are hidden behind a locked door!Once there was a man who loved to part. He was always on the hunt for success. One day, the man set out to find success. He parted for days and nights in search of success. Finally, after much parting, the man reached his destination. He was now successful! He smiled with joy and thanked his hard work for helping him reach his success. He was determined to stay successful and continued to part in order to make sure his success would always stay with him.Once upon a time there was a little girl called Sarah. She was a jolly 3 year old who loved to explore the world around her. One day, Sarah went for a walk in the park. Suddenly, she saw a beautiful spear lying on the ground. It had shiny silver blades and its handle was decorated with pretty jewels. She smiled and picked it up. But then a scary man jumped out from the bushes. He shouted at Sarah and she began to cry. He tried to snatch the spear from her. With all her strength, Sarah held onto it and she wouldnt let him take it away. The man yelled in anger and finally he gave up. He ran away and Sarah was now safe. She held the spear up to the sky and cheered. It felt good to be strong. Suddenly, a jolly old man appeared from behind a tree. He smiled at Sarah and asked her where she got the spear. She told him the story and he laughed. As a reward, he gave her an extra special spear with a rainbow handle and sparkly silver blades. Sarah was so happy. She thanked the old man and gave him a big hug. She clutched the two spears tight to her heart and ran home, tearing with joy.Tom is a boy who likes animals. He lives in a big city with his mom and dad. He has never seen a cow or a horse before. One day, his mom and dad take him to a ranch for a vacation. Tom is very happy and excited. At the ranch, Tom meets a friendly man named Jack. Jack is the rancher. He takes care of the animals. He shows Tom around the ranch and lets him pet the cows and the horses. Tom likes the soft fur and the big eyes of the animals. He also likes the sounds they make. He says moo and neigh with them. Tom also meets a friendly girl named Lucy. Lucy is Jacks daughter. She is the same age as Tom. She likes to play with the animals too. She teaches Tom how to feed the chickens and the pigs. She also teaches him how to ride a pony. Tom thinks Lucy is very nice and fun. He wants to be her friend. Tom has a lot of fun at the ranch. He learns many new things and makes new friends. He thanks Jack and Lucy for showing him the ranch and the animals. He tells his mom and dad that he loves the ranch and wants to come back again. His mom and dad smile and hug him. They are glad that Tom had a good time. They also like the ranch and the friendly people. They say goodbye to Jack and Lucy and promise to visit again soon.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his toy cars all day long. One day, Timmys dad took him to the gas station to fill up their car with fuel. Timmy saw the big gas pump and was amazed. He asked his dad what it was and his dad mentioned that it was where they get the cars fuel from. Suddenly, Timmy saw a scary spider crawling on the ground. He was so scared that he ran to his dad and hugged him tightly. His dad picked him up and showed him that the spider was just a tiny one and wouldnt hurt him. Timmy felt much better and they went back home. From that day on, Timmy always remembered the fuel pump and the scary spider at the gas station.The sun was out and the sky a bright blue. Little Jimmy could feel the warmth of the sun on his back as he peeked out of the window of the train. Everywhere he looked, he saw life. The train went faster and faster, but Jimmy wasnt scared. He was looking forward to his new home. As the train slowed down and came to a stop, Jimmy took a deep breath and looked at his mum. She smiled and said Come on, lets go Jimmy! Jimmy got off the train, feeling a little afraid. He wasnt sure what to expect, but his mum held his hand tightly and told him that everything was going to be ok. They got to their new home, and Jimmy peeked in through the window. It was a small but cozy place, and suddenly Jimmy wasnt so fearful anymore. He knew that this was the beginning of a new and exciting life. He smiled and squeezed his mums hand tight, with happiness in his heart.Sara and Tom were playing in the woods. They liked to build forts with lumber they found on the ground. They had a big pile of lumber near a big tree. They were happy. But then, a mean man came. He had a big truck and a big saw. He wanted to cut down the big tree and take the lumber. He did not see Sara and Tom. He did not care. Sara and Tom were scared. They hid behind the lumber pile. They hoped the mean man would go away. But he did not. He started to cut the big tree. The big tree made a loud noise. It fell down. It hit the lumber pile. Sara and Tom screamed. They tried to run away. But it was too late. The lumber pile fell on them. They were hurt. They cried for help. But no one heard them. No one came to answer. The mean man did not hear them either. He did not look. He did not care. He loaded the lumber on his truck. He drove away. He was happy. Sara and Tom were not happy. They were pale. They were still. They were gone.Once upon a time there was a frog named Jumpy. He loved to jump and he was always looking for new things to jump over. One day he saw a hoop lying on the ground. He looked at it curiously and hopped over to it. He tried to jump over it but he kept bumping into it! He was very frustrated and he was about to give up. Then he heard a voice, it said Be careful Jumpy, that hoop is very fragile!. Jumpy thought and he realized the voice was right. He knew he had to be gentle. He carefully teetered to the edge of the hoop, he held his breath and he hopped! He made it! He had jumped over the hoop without breaking it! He was joyous and he did a happy dance around the hoop. Jumpy learnt that day that if he took care and was gentle, he could do anything he wanted. Every time Jumpy wanted to do something tricky like jump over the hoop, he remembered to be gentle and he succeeded every time! The moral of the story is that gentle actions can help us achieve amazing things, just like Jumpys gentle spring helped him jump over the fragile hoop.Once upon a time there was a girl named Elizabeth who was three years old. She was walking in the park one day when she noticed something exciting. She saw a big machine and went to take a look closer. She saw that it was a massage machine. She was eager to try it out and lay down on the bed. Suddenly, the machine started to move and the bed started to shake. Wow! Elizabeth said with a big smile. The machine then started to give her a massage. It felt so good. Elizabeth was so happy and couldnt wait for her massage to finish. When it was done, she thanked the machine then went to find her mommy. Mommy! I had a massage! Elizabeth said excitedly as she hugged her mom. Her mommy smiled and said, Thats great, darling! Im glad you enjoyed it. Elizabeth smiled back, eager for next time.Once upon a time, there was a girl called Maisy. Maisy loved to play outside and have fun. One day, Maisys mommy said they were all going to the movies. Maisy was very excited, because she loved going to the movies. When they got there, Maisy and her family went into the theater. It was very dark and Maisy couldnt see anything. Maisy looked around and started to guess what movie was playing. Then, the lights in the theater changed and became very light. Maisy guessed right away that the movie was her favorite a movie about ponies! Maisy and her family all enjoyed the movie. She was glad she guessed right and could watch her favorite movie. The end.One day, a little girl was playing with her doll. She bounced it up and down in her hands. The doll was a special one, with a smiley face painted on it. Suddenly, the doll started to bounce up and down by itself! The little girl was so surprised, she dropped the doll in confusion. The doll stopped bouncing and said, Hello! The little girl was even more confused. Who are you? she asked. The doll replied, Im your new friend. Can I come play with you? The little girl thought for a moment, but then she smiled and said, Yes please! She hugged the doll and they played together for the rest of the day. They even bounced up and down together!Once upon a time, there was a mommy who wanted to bake cookies. She got a huge sheet and put it in the oven. She mixed flour, sugar, and eggs in a bowl. She put the cookie dough on the sheet and baked it. The cookies smelled so good! But then, the mommy got a phone call. She talked on the phone for too long and forgot about the cookies. The oven got too hot and the cookies burned. The mommy was sad because she couldnt eat the cookies. She had to throw them away. The end.Once upon a time there was an incredible house. It was an amazing house, like no other. Inside this house, there was a boy who loved to play hide and seek. He was a fun loving boy, but his favourite game was hide and seek. Every day, he would hide and giggle as he waited for someone to find him. One day, the little boy had a great idea. He decided to go on an adventure and hide outside the house. So he crept out of the door and slowly made his way to the garden. He was about to pick a spot to hide when he heard a voice. Im coming to find you! said the voice. The little boy was so excited. It was his best friend, and they were going to have a fun game of hide and seek. The little boy ran and hid behind a bush and waited. His friend counted to ten and then started to look. It wasnt long before he found him. I found you, he said, You were very good at hiding, but I knew I was going to find you eventually. The little boy was so happy that his incredible hiding skills were no match for his friends searching skills. He had found the perfect game of hide and seek.Once there was a brown bear with big feet. He was walking through the woods looking for something. Suddenly he saw a tree full of delicious apples. He was so happy he started to eat one. As he reached in the tree, some of the apples started to yield and fall towards the ground. He quickly bent down and started to pick up the fallen apples. As he ate them, he tasted their sweet juiciness and felt so content. He enjoyed picking up the apples and eating them so much that he ended up spending the whole day there. It was so much fun to pick the apples that he ran around trying to get as much as he could. It was the best day ever!Once upon a time there was a girl who was very gifted. One day, the girl was having a really hot day and wanted to stay cool. Then, when the girl arrived home, she was surprised to find her mum had bought her a fan! The girl was so happy and excited she began giving the fan big cuddles. The fan was a pretty pink one with a smiley face on. It was just the fan she always wanted. Every day, the girl was so thankful to have her fan with her. Whenever she felt hot, she would use the fan and feel so cool and comfy. She even took her fan with her wherever she went. It was the best fan ever! The end.Sam was a young boy who was very curious. Every day he wanted to explore new things, like the cable that hung from the wall. One day, he asked his mom if he could touch it. No Sam, his mom said. She was very careful. That cable is special, we have to be careful with it. We cant allow you to touch it. Sam was sad. He wanted to touch the cable, so he asked his mom if maybe he could touch it just a little bit. His mom thought for a moment and then said, OK, but you have to be extra careful. You can only touch it very gently. Sam was so excited that he was allowed to touch the cable. He was gentle and careful as he touched it. He was so happy that he was able to explore something new.Tom and Mia were playing in the park. They liked to run and jump and slide. They saw a big tree with many leaves. They wanted to climb the tree and see what was up there. They took turns to go up the tree. Tom went first. He saw a bird nest with three eggs. He saw a squirrel with a nut. He saw a spider web with a shiny insect. He wanted to touch the insect, but the spider scared him. He said, Mia, look at this insect! It is so pretty and shiny! Mia went up the tree. She saw the insect too. She liked it very much. She said, Tom, can I have the insect? I want to keep it as a pet! Tom said, No, Mia, it is mine! I saw it first! Mia said, But I like it more! Please, Tom, give it to me! Tom and Mia started to fight. They pulled and pushed and shouted. The spider was angry. It bit Tom on his hand. Tom cried out loud. He let go of the insect. The insect flew away. Mia said, Tom, are you okay? I am sorry, I did not mean to hurt you. Tom said, Mia, I am sorry too. I should have shared with you. The insect is gone now. We were silly to fight over it. Tom and Mia hugged each other. They climbed down the tree. They saw their mom waiting for them. She had a basket with snacks and juice. She said, Are you hungry, my loves? Come and have some food. You look tired from playing. Tom and Mia said, Yes, mom, we are hungry. Thank you for the food. We love you, mom. They ran to their mom. They ate and drank and told her about their adventure. They learned to yield and share and be kind. They had a happy day in the park.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Amy. She liked to go outside and play. One day, she saw a warm, bright light in the sky. It was the sun. Amy wanted to touch it, but it was too far away. Amy asked her mom, Mom, can I go to the sun? Her mom said, No, Amy. The sun is very far away and very hot. We cant go there. Amy was sad, but she understood. The next day, Amy went outside to play again. She saw the same warm light in the sky. She looked at it and smiled. She knew she couldnt go to the sun, but she could still enjoy its light and warmth while playing outside. And that made Amy very happy.Tom and Sam are brothers. They like to play with cars and balls. But they do not like to share. One day, they have a big fight over a brown car. Tom says it is his car. Sam says it is his car. They pull and push and yell. Stop it! Mom says. It is time for meal. Come and eat. She puts some food on the table. There are bread and cheese and soup and fruit. It looks good and smells good. Tom and Sam do not listen. They keep fighting over the brown car. They do not want to eat. They do not want to stop. They make a big mess. They knock over the table. The food falls on the floor. The soup spills on the rug. The fruit rolls away. Mom is very angry. She takes the brown car and throws it in the trash. She says, No car for you. No meal for you. Go to your room. Now! She points to the door. Tom and Sam are sad and sorry. They cry and hug. They say, We are sorry, Mom. We love you. We love the brown car. Please, can we have it back? Please, can we have some meal? But Mom does not answer. She is too mad. She leaves them alone in their room. They have no car, no meal, and no fun. They have a bad day. The end.Once upon a time, two friends, Jack and Jill, were walking in the forest. Jack wanted to show Jill something special, so he held up a small cube and said, This is my special cube. It is dependable and I always keep it with me. Jill asked, What does it do? Jack grinned and said, It doesnt do much, but I always rely on it. It reminds me to be kind and dependable. Confused, Jill asked, What do you mean? Jack replied, If Im feeling sad or scared, I look at my cube and it reminds me that I can always rely on myself and my friends. Jill smiled and nodded. She said, Thats a nice message. We should always be kind and dependable to each other. The two friends held hands and continued walking thoughtfully through the forest. The moral of this story is to always put others needs before your own and to be dependable when others need you.Once upon a time, there was a little bear. He was ready for a big adventure but he wasnt sure what he should do. So he decided to take a walk in the woods. As he walked, he heard a sound. It was a raven, cawing in the tree above. The ravens beak glowed in the moonlight. The little bear could feel the bright light shining all around him and he knew something special was coming. The little bear kept walking and soon he saw a cave. He was scared, but he was also brave and he was ready to explore. He stepped into the cave and saw a glowing object in the distance. The raven flew into the cave and landed next to the glowing object. The little bear saw that the object was a magical gem. He wanted to take it with him but the raven wouldnt let him. He was ready to fight the raven, but just when they were about to fight, a bright flash of light filled the cave and a beautiful fairy appeared. The fairy told them that the gem was an important part of their magical forest, and that it was their job to protect it. So the little bear and the raven understood, and the raven left in peace. The little bear was relieved. He now knew what his adventure was aboutto guard the gem and protect the magical forest.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Eva who was three years old. She was very happy and loved playing with her toys. But Eva was also curious. She wanted to do something special. So one day, Eva asked her mom if she could learn how to cook. Her mom said yes and taught her all kinds of dishes. Eva was very proud and happy that she could make all these amazing meals. But Eva wanted to do something else as well. She asked her mom to teach her a new skill and her mom said she could learn how to play the violin. Eva was so excited! She practiced every day and became very good at it. At the end of the summer, Eva entered a competition where she could show off her cooking and violin skills. Everyone was so impressed with herâshe had really improved! Her cooking was special, and her violin playing was truly impressive. Eva won first prize and everyone praised her talent. Eva smiled and was very proud of herself. She had made her wish come true!Ben and Mia like to play in the big room with many books and papers. They see a big box with a lock on it. They want to know what is inside. They look for a key, but they cannot find one. They see a metal thing that looks like a stick. It is a file. They think it can open the lock. They take the file and try to put it in the lock. They push and pull, but nothing happens. They hear a loud noise. It is a beep. They look at the box. It has a red light and a number. The number is going down. 10, 9, 8... They do not know what it means. They are scared. They tremble. They want to run away, but they do not know how. The door is locked too. They scream for help, but no one hears them. The number is going down. 3, 2, 1... The box explodes. It makes a big fire and a big boom. It hurts Ben and Mia. They fall down and do not get up. The box was dangerous. It was a bomb. Someone put it there to hurt people. Ben and Mia did not know. They just wanted to play. They are gone. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, Lily was playing outside in her backyard when she saw a wild mole digging a hole. Hello, little mole, said Lily. What are you doing? Im digging a home, said the mole. Oh, can I help? asked Lily. Yes, please, said the mole. Lily got a shovel and helped the mole dig its home. When they were finished, the mole was very happy. Thank you for helping me, said the mole. Youre welcome, said Lily. I had fun getting dirty with you. From that day on, Lily visited the mole every day and they became the best of friends.Once upon a time there was a little girl. She was three years old. She woke up early one morning. She felt a bit worried. She looked around her room. She was all alone. She saw something in the corner of the room. It was her teddy bear. She picked it up with her hand. Then she heard something outside in the garden. It was her Mummy and Daddy! She was so happy! So she went to the window and waved to them with her hand. They waved back and smiled. She wasnt worried anymore. She smiled back and went downstairs to give them a big hug. The end.Tim and Sue liked to play in the park with their dog, Max. They liked to run, slide, swing and throw a ball for Max to catch. One day, they saw a big van in the park. It was white and had many pictures on it. They wanted to see what was inside. They walked to the van and saw a door. They opened the door and saw many books and toys. They were very happy and started to look at them. They did not see the elderly man who was sleeping in the back of the van. He was the owner of the van and he was very tired. The elderly man woke up and heard some noise. He got up and went to the front of the van. He saw Tim and Sue playing with his books and toys. He was not happy and shouted at them. He told them to get out of his van and leave his things alone. Tim and Sue were very scared and ran out of the van. They grabbed Max and ran to their mom, who was sitting on a bench. They told her what happened and she hugged them. She told them they should not go inside a strangers van without asking. She said it was not safe and it was not nice. Tim and Sue said they were sorry and they learned their lesson. They said they would not do it again. They asked their mom if they could play some more in the park. She said yes, but they had to stay close to her. They agreed and went to play. They saw the elderly man drive away in his van. They waved at him and said sorry. He waved back and smiled. He was not so angry anymore. He lay down in his van and took a nap. He dreamed of his books and toys.One day, a little girl named Lily went to the zoo with her mom. She saw many animals, like monkeys, lions, and giraffes. She wanted to see the elephants, because they had big ears and long noses. Mom, can we go see the elephants? Lily asked. Sure, honey. Lets go this way, Mom said. They walked to the elephant enclosure, where they saw two big elephants and a baby elephant. The baby elephant was playing with a ball, and the big elephants were eating hay. Look, Mom, the baby elephant is so cute! Lily said. Yes, he is. Do you want to introduce yourself to him? Mom asked. Lily nodded. She walked closer to the fence, and waved at the baby elephant. The baby elephant saw her, and came closer too. He lifted his trunk, and sniffed Lily. Hello, little elephant. My name is Lily. What is your name? Lily said. The baby elephant made a loud noise, and flapped his ears. He seemed happy to meet Lily. His name is Nelly. He is very friendly, a zookeeper said. He came over to the fence, and smiled at Lily and Mom. Hi, Im Sam. I take care of the elephants. Do you like them? he asked. Yes, I love them. They are big and smart and funny, Lily said. Im glad you do. Do you want to feed them some carrots? Sam asked. Yes, please! Lily said. Sam gave Lily and Mom some carrots, and showed them how to hold them for the elephants. Lily and Mom fed the carrots to Nelly and the big elephants. They crunched them with their teeth, and thanked them with their trunks. Lily and Mom had a lot of fun with the elephants. They thanked Sam for letting them feed them. Youre welcome. Come back anytime, Sam said. Lily and Mom said goodbye to the elephants, and went to see other animals. But Lilys favorite animal was still the elephant. She didnt mind that they were smelly. She thought they were wonderful.Once upon a time there was a little girl who loved animals. Every day she would take care of her animals, feeding them and playing with them. One day as she was feeding them, a strange gate appeared in the middle of the field. It was unusual, like nothing she had ever seen before. The little girl was curious and walked up to the mysterious gate. She grabbed the latch and opened it. To her surprise, inside the gate there were lots of new animals that she hadnt seen before. The little girl was so excited. She started to feed all of the new animals and was amazed at how gentle and friendly they were. She spent the rest of the day playing with and feeding the animals. When she was done, the little girl closed the gate and waved goodbye to her new animal friends. She was glad she had found the unusual gate and even happier that she had made some new animal friends.Once upon a time, there was a little paw. The paw was purple and it belonged to a kitty cat. The paw was so small, but it had a big dream. The paw wanted to succeed. So every morning, the little paw said to the sun Please help me succeed! The sun smiled and replied Have courage little paw. You can do it! The paw was so excited. It gathered all its strength and started to try. It tried and tried, and eventually it succeeded! The little paw was so proud. It danced and sang as it ran through the town, shouting I succeeded! I succeeded! The other animals were so happy for the little paw. They cheered and clapped for its wonderful success. The paw ran back home and proudly told its family about its success. Now the paw believed that it could do anything it wanted. And it would never give up trying to succeed.One day a little girl named Raya was in her preschool classroom. She saw her teacher in front of the blackboard. Raya was so excited to see what she was going to learn! The teacher said, Today we are going to talk about how deep the ocean is. Can everyone stand up? Raya stood up along with all of her friends. The teacher started to draw on the blackboard to explain how deep the ocean is. She drew a long line across the board and said, The ocean is so deep! Raya was so amazed by how deep the ocean was. She could hardly believe it. She asked her teacher, Is the ocean really deep? The teacher smiled and nodded her head. The ocean is really a deep and fascinating place, she said. Its like a whole other world. Raya couldnt wait to explore the ocean and all its secrets. She smiled, realizing just how much she had learned today.One day, a boy named Tim went to camp. At camp, there were lots of fun things to do. Tim liked to count how many friends he made at camp. He also liked to count the stars at night. One day, Tim met a new friend named Sam. Sam said, I like to count too! Lets count the bugs we find. They both started to look for bugs. They found a big, green bug. Tim thought it was disgusting, but Sam liked it. After they counted the bugs, Tim and Sam played together all day. They had so much fun at camp. At night, they counted the stars together. They were happy to be friends and count together.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play outside and explore the world around him. One day, Timmy went on a trip to the park with his mom. At the park, Timmy saw a big slide that he wanted to try. He climbed up the ladder and went down the slide, but when he got to the bottom, he tripped and fell. His knee hurt, and he started to cry. Timmys mom came over to him and rubbed his knee to make it feel better. She told him that it was okay to fall sometimes, but he needed to be careful. Timmy felt foolish for falling, but he learned a valuable lesson about being safe and having fun at the same time.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Sue. Sue lived with her old grandma in a small house. One day, Sue found a big, colorful wrap in her grandmas room. It was very pretty. Sue ran to her grandma and said, Look what I found! Can I wear the wrap, please? Her grandma smiled and said, Of course, dear. That wrap used to be mine when I was young. Im happy to see you like it. Sue put on the wrap and felt very happy. She danced and twirled around. Grandma watched Sue and clapped her hands. You look so pretty, Sue! she said. Sue felt very special wearing the old wrap. Sue wanted to do something nice for her grandma. She decided to complete a puzzle with her. They worked together and had a lot of fun. When the puzzle was done, they both felt proud. From that day on, Sue and her grandma spent more time together. They played games, read books, and sometimes Sue wore the old wrap. They were very happy and loved each other very much.Once upon a time, in a far away land, there lived a perfect prince. The prince was very lonely and wanted to find a special friend. One day he went to a big, beautiful castle. There he found a perfect princess. She wore a bright purple dress and had a kind smile. The prince and princess fell in love and wanted to marry. So the prince opened up his wardrobe, which was full of wonderful gifts. He gave the princess beautiful flowers and asked her to marry him. The princess said yes and they had a perfect wedding. From that day on, they were always together and very happy. They looked after each other and said I love you every single day. The prince and princess lived happily ever after.Once there was a little boy named Grant. He was very obedient and never gave his parents any trouble. One day Grants parents told him to go and play in the yard. Grant happily ran outside and started to play. He was jumping around and having lots of fun. He smiled as he said, This is so fun! Then Grant saw a bouncy ball in the yard. He picked it up and said, I can bounce this ball! He put the ball down and started to bounce it up and down. As he bounced, he smiled and laughed. Grant said, Bouncing this ball is so much fun! After Grant was done bouncing the ball, he put it back in the yard and ran back into the house. His parents smiled and said, Good job, Grant. You are so obedient!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lucy. She had a big, serious job to do. Her mom asked her to wrap a gift for her friends birthday party. Lucy was very excited to help. Lucy went to her mom and said, Mom, how do I start to wrap the gift? Her mom replied, First, put the gift on the paper, then fold the paper around it, and use tape to hold it together. Lucy nodded and went to wrap the gift. But Lucy was not very good at wrapping. The paper tore and the tape stuck to her fingers. She tried again and again, but the gift still looked messy. Lucy felt sad and started to cry. Her mom came to see what was wrong, but it was too late. The gift was ruined and they didnt have any more paper to wrap it. Lucys friend didnt get a nicely wrapped gift at her birthday party.Once upon a time there was a little 3yearold boy. He wanted to go outside and play, but his mom reminded him it was dangerous. He was sad because he thought playing outside was the most fun thing to do. His mom then said she would make him a pizza instead. She rolled out the dough, added cheese and tomatoes and put it in the oven. The little boy excitedly watched the pizza cook, and the delicious smell filled the kitchen! After the pizza was done, the little boy and his mom ate it together. He asked for a second slice, and his mom reminded him to not eat too much! The little boy ate his pizza, and then went off to play safely inside.Tom and Sue were friends. They liked to play in the park. But today the sky was gloomy and it rained. They could not go to the park. I am sad, Tom said. I want to play. Me too, Sue said. But we can play at home. We can make a fort with pillows and blankets. They went to Toms house and made a fort in the living room. They had fun pretending to be pirates and explorers. They found some toys and books in the fort. Look, I found money! Tom said. He held up a shiny coin. Wow, that is cool! Sue said. Where did you find it? It was under the sofa. Maybe it is a treasure, Tom said. Maybe we can buy something with it, Sue said. Like candy or stickers. They thought about what they could buy with the money. They had many ideas. But then they heard a knock on the door. It was Toms mom. She looked worried. Tom, Sue, can you come here for a minute? she said. They left the fort and went to the door. They saw a man with a big bag. He was the mailman. Hello, kids, the mailman said. I have a letter for your mom. It is very important. He gave the letter to Toms mom. She opened it and read it. She smiled. Oh, thank you, thank you! she said. This is the best news ever! What is it, mom? Tom asked. It is a check, Tom. It is money. It is from your grandma. She sent it to help us pay the bills. We have been having a hard time, you know. But now we can pay the rent and buy some food and clothes. We are so lucky! Tom and Sue looked at each other. They felt happy for Toms mom. They also felt something else. They felt generous. Mom, we have something for you too, Tom said. He gave her the coin he found. It is money too. It is a treasure. We want to help you too, he said. Toms mom hugged him and Sue. She had tears in her eyes. Thank you, thank you, my sweet kids, she said. You are the best treasure ever. You are so kind and thoughtful. I love you so much. They all hugged and smiled. The rain stopped and the sun came out. The day was not gloomy anymore. It was bright and happy.Once upon a time, there were two fuzzy animals who lived in a tiny cell. The first was a furry mouse, and the second was a silly little bird. The mouse looked at the bird and said, âœLetâs have some fun!â The bird agreed, so the two of them started to whistle. They whistled and whistled and whistled until the tiny cell was filled with music. The two friends kept whistling and singing until a funny little cat appeared at the door. âœWhat are you two doing in there?â the cat asked. The mouse and the bird stopped whistling and smiled. âœWeâre just having a little fun,â they said together. The cat smiled too. âœThatâs nice,â it said. Then it joined in, and the three of them kept on whistling and singing until the night was over.Once there was a dry, brown tree. The tree was very lonely and wished that it could be more colorful. Then one day magical sparkles came down from the sky and touched the tree. Suddenly the tree felt different. Its dry leaves began to increase in color! They slowly changed from brown to red, yellow, orange and even pink! The tree was so happy, it was surrounded by beautiful colors! It had all the colors it ever wanted and it was never lonely again. It was an incredible sight to see!Once upon a time there was a nice girl called Lisa. Lisa wanted to go to the big, important maze. But before she could go, Lisa had to do something first. She had to clean the maze! So Lisa got all the cleaning things she needed and started to clean. She had a mop for mopping the floor and a brush for brushing the walls. She had to be very careful because the maze was important! When Lisa had finished cleaning, the maze looked so beautiful. Lisa was very proud of her work and skipped around the maze. Lisa was finally ready to go to the maze. She went in and had a lovely time. She explored all the different corners and pathways and it felt like she was discovering a new world. The end.Once upon a time, there was a cute little girl named Jenny. She really enjoyed playing with her toys and loved the cold winter months. One winter, Jenny decided she wanted to go and visit a reindeer. So, Jenny put her warmest coat on and set off to the nearest park. When she got there, she was very excited to see a big, beautiful reindeer. Jenny walked up to the reindeer, wanting to give it a big hug. The reindeer smiled at Jenny and said, âœHello! Would you like to enjoy a ride on my back? Iâm available to take you around the park.â Jenny was so excited, she couldnât contain her happiness. Jenny hopped onto the reindeers back and held onto its antlers. The reindeer started to walk around the park and Jenny was so amazed at how fast it was going! They went around a few times before the reindeer said, âœThat was fun! I hope you enjoyed it. Jenny smiled and said, âœYes, thank you so much! I really enjoyed my ride.â She quickly hugged the reindeer before running back home, happy with her amazing adventure.Mum and little Robby were out walking in the park on a sunny day. They passed by a big tree and Robby said, âœLook! A tree!â Mum smiled and said, âœYes Robby, thatâs a big, lively tree.â Robby ran up to the tree and put his hands on the bark. Then, he saw a squirrel running up the trunk and shouted to Mum, âœMum, the squirrel is hurrying!â Mum laughed and said, âœYes, heâs in a hurry to get some nuts!â Robby started running after the squirrel. He ran around the tree, but it was too quick and he couldnât keep up. After a while, Robby stopped running, looking up at the lively tree and said, âœBye bye, squirrel. Maybe next time!âOnce, there was a smelly sock. It wanted to make a sound, so it decided to fold itself. It folded and it folded, until it was a tiny, tiny sock. Then, it made a sound a loud, smelly sound! Everyone was surprised and laughed at the sock. The sock was so proud of making that funny sound! It stayed folded up, enjoying the sound it made. From then on, it always folded itself when it wanted to make that funny sound.The mommy put the zebra in the box. She gave it a kiss and made the zebra feel all happy. The zebra was so quiet, it slept in the box. The mommy was so happy, she put the box in the car and drove away. When she arrived at the park, she put the box gently on the ground. When she opened the box, the zebra woke up and ran around the park. It was so excited and it ran around and around. It ran so fast, it was a blur. The mommy laughed and said, âœthat zebra sure is fast.â But when it saw a tree, it stopped and got very quiet. It saw a bunch of leaves on the tree and began to nibble them. The mommy laughed again and said, âœI think it likes the leaves.â The mommy watched the zebra eat the leaves for a while and then put it back in the box. She gave it another kiss and drove it home. Then she put it back in the box and gave it one more kiss goodnight. The zebra went quietly back to sleep.One day, Mommy and Alice went for a walk. Alice wanted to go to the park, but Mommy said it was time to leave. Alice started to cry. She wanted to stay at the park, but Mommy said it was time to leave. Alice was very unhappy. Mommy gave Alice a big hug. She said, Come on, Alice. Lets leave. We can come to the park another day. Alice pulled away and had a silly look on her face. She said, But I want to stay here! You cant make me leave! Mommy laughed and said, We all have to leave sometimes. Come on, lets go. Alice pouted and took her Mommys hand. They walked away from the park, with Alice looking back every few steps.There was a little girl named Daisy. Daisy was three and she loved to play. One day, Daisy asked her mom if she could have a cookie. Her mom said yes, so Daisy smiled and gave her a big hug. She went to the kitchen and found a cookie on the counter. But before she picked it up, she decided to kneel and say, Thank you. Daisy knew that being dependable meant saying thank you, even for cookies! Daisy stood up and ate her cookie. It was so good! She smiled and went back to playing. Being thankful for the things she had made her happy.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to watch his favorite television show every day after school. One day, Timmys television suddenly froze and he couldnt watch his show. Timmy was sad and didnt know what to do. Timmys mom tried to fix the television, but it wouldnt work. Timmys dad was honest and told Timmy that they needed to buy a new television. Timmy was happy to hear that they would get a new television, but he was sad that he couldnt watch his show for a while. Finally, the new television arrived and Timmy was able to watch his show again.Once upon a time, there was a chubby lady who loved to take nice walks. One day, she was walking and noticed a little girl watching her. The lady waved at the little girl, who came up to her. The little girl said her name was Sue. The lady smiled and asked Sue why she was so happy. Sue said she wanted to play with the lady. The lady said she would love to, and asked what they should do. Sue suggested they go to a nearby park. The lady and Sue went to the park and they played tag, they laughed a lot. After they had finished playing, the lady noticed how happy Sue was. She realized that all Sue needed was someone to spend time with. The lady was so glad that Sue had found her. The two embraced and said goodbye. The lady had a big smile on her face as she watched Sue got away. She looked forward to seeing Sue again soon.Bunny and Squirrel were best friends. They liked to play in the forest and find nuts and carrots. One day, they saw a big pile of nuts near a tree. They ran to the pile and started to eat. Yum, these nuts are so good! said Bunny. Lets take some to our homes! said Squirrel. They filled their cheeks with nuts and ran to their holes. But they did not see that the pile of nuts belonged to Bear. Bear was sleeping under the tree. He woke up and saw his nuts were gone. Who took my nuts? he roared. He followed the trail of nuts to Bunnys hole. He saw Bunny hiding inside. Bunny, did you take my nuts? he asked. Bunny felt guilty. He knew he did a bad thing. He nodded his head. Im sorry, Bear. I was hungry and I did not know they were yours, he said. Bear was angry. He wanted his nuts back. He reached into the hole and tried to grab Bunny. But the hole was too small for his paw. He got stuck. Ow, ow, ow! he cried. Squirrel heard Bears cry. He ran to Bunnys hole. He saw Bears paw in the hole. He saw Bunnys scared face. Bunny, are you okay? he asked. No, Squirrel. Bear is mad at me. He wants his nuts back. But I ate them all, said Bunny. Squirrel felt sorry for Bunny. He also felt guilty. He knew he did a bad thing too. He had some nuts in his hole. He decided to share them with Bear. Squirrel, what are you doing? asked Bunny. Im going to give some of my nuts to Bear. Maybe he will forgive us and let us go, said Squirrel. He ran to his hole and brought some nuts. He gave them to Bear. Here, Bear. These are some of the nuts we took. We are sorry. Please let us go, he said. Bear looked at the nuts. He looked at Squirrel. He looked at Bunny. He saw they were sorry. He felt a little better. Thank you, Squirrel. That was very nice of you. I forgive you and Bunny. But dont take my nuts again. They are mine, he said. He pulled his paw out of the hole. He took his nuts and walked away. Bunny and Squirrel came out of the hole. They hugged each other. Thank you, Squirrel. You are a good friend, said Bunny. Thank you, Bunny. You are a good friend too, said Squirrel. They learned their lesson. They never took nuts that were not theirs again. They played in the forest and found nuts and carrots that were free. They were happy.Lily likes hockey. She wants to learn how to play. She asks her dad to teach her. Her dad says yes. He takes her to the park with a stick and a ball. They find a clear spot on the grass. Her dad shows her how to hold the stick and hit the ball. Lily tries to do the same. But it is hard. She misses the ball many times. She gets frustrated. She says, I cant do it. Hockey is too hard. Her dad hugs her and says, Dont give up, Lily. You can do it. Hockey is fun. You just need to practice. Let me help you. He holds her hand and guides her stick. Together, they hit the ball. Lily smiles. She says, I did it. Hockey is fun. Thank you, dad. They play some more. Lily learns how to hit the ball better. She has fun. She says, I like hockey. I want to play more. Can we come back tomorrow? Her dad says, Sure, Lily. We can come back tomorrow. Im proud of you. You learned something new today. You are a good hockey player. He gives her a high five. They go home happy.Once upon a time there was a big, blue ship. It sailed across the sea each day and smiled at the birds that flew by. But one day the ship got hurt. It stopped smiling and its sails drooped down. All of the fish and birds that had been its friends felt very sad. The ship wanted to get better, so it sailed away and looked for help. But everyone it asked for help said no. The ship sailed for many days and felt very lonely. Finally, the ship found a special place called Home. It was a happy place where a boy and girl lived. They made the ship feel better. They gave it a hug and put special bandages on its hurt. The ship was so happy to have found Home! It didnt want to leave, but knew it had to. The ship left with a smile, but also with a feeling of missing the boy and girl. The ship didnt want to go, and it knew that the boy and girl missed it too.Once upon a time, there was a strong man named Jack. Jack loved to play in the snow. One day, Jack went outside to play and saw that the ground was covered in snow. He decided to fill his bucket with snow and make a snowman. Jack made the snowmans body with the snow he filled in his bucket. He added a carrot for the nose, two stones for the eyes, and a hat on top. The snowman looked so happy and strong. Jack was proud of his work. As the sun began to set, Jack knew it was time to go inside. He said goodbye to his snowman and promised to come back and play again tomorrow. From that day on, Jack filled his bucket with snow every time he went outside to play. He loved making snowmen and playing in the snow.Randy was a little boy. He was only three years old. He played with his toys all day long. One day he found a gun in his backyard. He thought it was cool and started to play with it. His mom saw him from the window and got very scared. She called the police. The police came quickly. They saw what Randy was doing and told him it was not safe. They took the gun away and put it in a sack. Randy was very sad. He tried to explain to the police that he was only playing but they did not listen. They said it was foolish of him to play with a gun. Randy was sad but he understood why the police took the gun away. He learned a valuable lesson that day not to play with guns. He made a promise to himself never to be so foolish again.Lily and Tom are friends. They like to play outside. Today, they go to the park with their moms. Lily wears a pink shirt. Tom wears a blue shirt. Look, Lily, a slide! Tom says. He runs to the slide and climbs up. He slides down fast. Whee! he shouts. Lily follows him. She climbs up and slides down too. That was fun! she says. They slide again and again. But then, the wind blows. It is cold. Lily and Tom shiver. They hug their shirts. Brrr, Im cold! Lily says. Me too! Tom says. Their moms see them. They call them. Lily, Tom, come here! they say. Its time to go home. You need warm coats. Lily and Tom run to their moms. They put on their coats. They say goodbye to the slide. Bye, slide! Lily says. Bye, slide! Tom says. They hold their moms hands. They walk home. They are still friends. They are not cold anymore.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play in the garden with her friends. One day, while playing, they saw a hedge that was torn. Lilys friend asked, Who tore the hedge? Lily saw a deaf squirrel nearby and said, Maybe the deaf squirrel did it by accident. Her friend replied, But its still not good to tear things. Lily realized her mistake and said, Youre right. We should always be careful and not tear things. From that day on, Lily and her friends always made sure to be careful and not tear anything. They learned that its important to take care of the things around us.Tom likes to play golf with his dad. They go to a big field with holes and flags. Tom has a small stick and a white ball. His dad has a big stick and a white ball. They hit the balls with the sticks and try to get them in the holes. One day, they go to play golf, but there is a problem. A man at the gate says they have to pay money to play. Toms dad does not have money. He forgot his wallet at home. He says sorry to Tom and the man. He says they have to go back and get the money. Tom is upset. He wants to play golf with his dad. He does not want to go back. He cries and stamps his feet. He says it is not fair. His dad tries to calm him down. He says they can come back another day. He says they can do something else fun. Tom does not listen. He runs away from his dad. He sees a golf cart. He thinks it is a toy. He gets in and pushes a button. The golf cart starts to move. Tom is scared. He does not know how to stop it. He screams for his dad. His dad hears him and runs after him. He catches up with the golf cart and jumps in. He stops the cart and hugs Tom. He says he is glad he is safe. He says he is sorry he ran away. He says he is sorry he made him upset. He says he loves him. Tom says he is sorry too. He says he loves him too. He says he does not need to play golf. He says he just wants to be with him. They hug and smile. They go back to the gate and say sorry to the man. The man is nice. He says they can play golf for free. He says he likes to see happy dads and sons. Tom and his dad thank him and go to play golf. They have a lot of fun.Once upon a time, there was a boy who loved to help others. Every morning, he would get dressed and rush off to his class. He was always the first one there, ready to lend a helping hand. One morning, he noticed that some of the new students in his class were struggling with their paperwork. He walked over to them and asked, âœCan I help?â The new students were so happy for the help, and thanked him for it. They spent the rest of the class together, as the boy helped them fill out the forms tightly. Later, the teacher noticed how nice the boy was, and thanked him for all his help. Everyone in the class felt so happy and thankful for his kind help that day.Anna likes to help her mom in the kitchen. She wants to be a good cook like her mom. One day, mom asks Anna to get a pan from the shelf. Anna sees a big pan that looks shiny and new. She wants to use that pan. Can I have this pan, mom? Anna asks, pointing to the big pan. No, Anna, that pan is too big for you. You need a smaller pan that fits your hands. The big pan is heavy and hot. You might drop it and hurt yourself or make a mess. Mom says. But I want to try, mom. Please, let me have the big pan. Anna says, not listening to mom. Okay, Anna, but be careful. You have to balance the pan with both hands and not let it touch the stove. Mom says, hoping Anna will learn her lesson. Anna takes the big pan and tries to carry it to the counter. But the pan is too big and heavy for her. She cant balance it well. She feels the pan slipping from her hands. She tries to catch it, but it is too late. The pan falls to the floor with a loud bang. It makes a dent in the floor and a scratch in the pan. Anna is scared and sad. She starts to cry. Anna, are you okay? What happened? Mom runs to Anna and hugs her. Im sorry, mom. I dropped the big pan. I wanted to use it, but it was too big for me. I couldnt balance it. I made a big noise and a big mess. I ruined the pan and the floor. Anna says, sobbing. Its okay, Anna. Im glad you are not hurt. The pan and the floor can be fixed. But you have to listen to me next time. I know what is best for you. You have to use things that fit you and your skills. You cant do everything by yourself. You have to ask for help when you need it. That is how you learn and grow. Mom says, wiping Annas tears. I understand, mom. Im sorry I didnt listen to you. I will use the smaller pan next time. And I will ask for help when I need it. Thank you for teaching me, mom. I love you. Anna says, smiling. I love you too, Anna. You are a good girl. Now, lets clean up this mess and make some cookies with the smaller pan. How does that sound? Mom says, smiling too. Yay! I love cookies. And I love you, mom. Anna says, hugging mom. The end.Jimmy was so excited. He was going to get a sack! It was gray, his favorite color. He took it outside and put it in the grass and started jumping in it. He was having so much fun! Then, surprisingly, a voice came out. Hey! What are you doing? it said. Jimmy looked up and saw his neighbor, Mrs. Jones. She had a very serious look on her face. Im jumping in my sack, Jimmy said. Mrs. Jones didnt look happy. You should not be doing that. Thats against the rules, she said. Jimmy looked down, feeling sad. He didnt understand why Mrs. Jones had to be so mean. He wished he could just keep playing with his sack. He hugged the sack and said, I hate you, Mrs. Jones. Mrs. Jones was surprised by his words. She softened her face and said, I dont hate you, Jimmy. Im just trying to do my job, and the rules dont allow you to jump in a sack in the grass. Jimmy thought about what she said. He realized that Mrs. Jones wasnt trying to be mean she was just trying to keep him safe. He smiled and said, Sorry, Mrs. Jones.Jack was playing in the garden one day when he heard a tiny cry coming from behind the tree. He went to investigate and found a small caterpillar nestled in the grass. He carefully picked it up and noticed it had a broken wing. He had to help it! Jack ran inside and asked his dad for some glue. His dad found some and gave it to Jack. Jack took the glue and some leaves and went back to the caterpillar. He used the glue to carefully stick the leaves together and make a little patch for the caterpillars broken wing. Now it could fly again! The caterpillar thanked Jack. Jack was so pleased that he gave it a little pinch on the cheek to show his appreciation. But then, a selfish spider came along and scolded the caterpillar. You shouldnt have accepted Jacks help, he said. You will have to do everything yourself now. Jack was furious. He looked at the spider with his big eyes and said sternly, Its better to be kind and help others, than to be selfish like you! The spider scurried away and Jack smiled. He had taught the spider an important lesson!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. Lily loved to play with her toys and read books. One day, Lilys mom told her that they were going to have a surprise visitor. Lily asked, Who is coming to visit us? Her mom said, Its a surprise, but I need you to help me get ready. Can you please open the curtains and let the sunshine in? Lily jumped up and ran to the window. She opened the curtains and saw a beautiful chair outside. She wondered if the surprise visitor would sit in the chair. Later that day, Lilys grandma came to visit. She sat in the chair outside and said, Thank you for allowing me to sit in this comfy chair. Its perfect for enjoying the sunshine. Lily smiled and felt happy that she helped her mom prepare for the surprise visitor. She also felt proud that she opened the curtains and saw the beautiful chair.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a new friend named Tom. Lily wanted to introduce Tom to her family. So, she invited him to her house. When Tom came to Lilys house, Lilys mom had made some yummy food. She put the food on a big orange plate. Lily said to Tom, This is my mom, and this is my dad. Tom said, Hello, nice to meet you. They all sat down to eat the food on the orange plate. Tom said, This food is so good! Lilys mom and dad were happy. Lily was happy too, because her new friend liked her family. They all had a fun day together.In the summer there was a little girl named Kayla who loved to go to the creek. She would take her bucket and her shovel and go searching for treasure. One day, when she was at the creek, she saw something very cute. It was a little duck swimming in the water. Kayla thought How cute! She wanted to play with the duck, so she reached out to try and catch it. But it was too fast! So she just watched it swim around. Kayla wanted to help the duck, so she went back home and prayed. Then she came up with an idea She would ask her mom for some breadcrumbs so that she could put it in the creek. So the next day, she went back to the creek with a full bag of breadcrumbs. She sprinkled them beside the water and sure enough, the little duck came for them. The duck ate all the breadcrumbs and it was so cute that Kayla couldnt stop staring. Then, when the duck was done, it looked at Kayla and then flew away. Kayla always remembered that special moment and how she had helped the little duck by praying.Sara was miserable. She had a big ouch on her knee from falling down. It was red and wet and hurt a lot. She cried and cried and wanted her mommy. But her mommy was busy. She had to work on her computer and talk on the phone. She told Sara to be quiet and play with her toys. She gave Sara a bandaid and a kiss and said it would heal soon. Sara did not want to play with her toys. She wanted her mommy to hug her and make the ouch go away. She looked around her room and saw a spider on the wall. She was scared of spiders. She screamed and ran to her mommy. Her mommy was angry. She said Sara was being silly and loud. She said spiders were not bad. They were small and harmless and helped to catch flies. She said Sara should not be afraid of them. She said Sara should go back to her room and leave her alone. Sara felt sad and lonely. She went back to her room and sat on her bed. She looked at the spider again. It was still on the wall. It had eight legs and two eyes and a round body. It did not look scary. It looked lonely too. Sara decided to be brave. She got up and walked slowly to the wall. She said hello to the spider. The spider did not say anything. It just moved a little. Sara smiled and said her name. She said she had a big ouch on her knee and it hurt a lot. She asked the spider if it ever had an ouch. The spider nodded. It pointed to a small cut on its leg. It said it got it from a mean cat. It said it hurt a lot too. But it said it would heal soon. It said it had a bandaid and a kiss from its mommy. Sara felt sorry for the spider. She said she had a bandaid and a kiss from her mommy too. But she said her mommy was busy and did not have time for her. She said she was miserable and wanted a friend. The spider said it was miserable too. It said it did not have any friends. It said it was scared and lonely. It said it wanted a friend too. Sara and the spider looked at each other. They saw that they were not so different. They both had ouches and bandaids and kisses. They both wanted friends. They both wanted to be happy. Sara reached out her hand and touched the spider gently. The spider crawled onto her palm and tickled her fingers. Sara giggled and said it felt funny. The spider smiled and said it felt nice. Sara and the spider became friends. They played and talked and laughed. They forgot about their ouches and their mommies. They felt happy and not miserable. They healed each other.Tom and Anna are brother and sister. They share a room and a bed. Tom likes to tease Anna when it is time to sleep. He makes scary noises and tells her stories about monsters and ghosts. Anna gets scared and cries. She asks Tom to stop, but he laughs and says he is just having fun. One night, Anna has a nightmare. She dreams that a big, hairy monster is chasing her in the dark. She runs and runs, but the monster is faster. She screams and tries to wake up, but she cant. She feels the monsters breath on her neck and its claws on her back. Tom hears Anna scream and wakes up. He sees her face twisted in fear and her eyes closed. He feels sorry for her and hugs her. He whispers in her ear, Its okay, Anna. Its just a dream. Im here with you. You are safe. Anna opens her eyes and sees Tom. She feels his arms around her and his voice in her ear. She calms down and snuggles with him. She says, Thank you, Tom. You are a good brother. I love you. Tom says, I love you too, Anna. Im sorry for teasing you. You are a tough sister. You can face any monster. They smile and fall asleep together.Once upon a time there was a dark night. Everyone in the house was quiet. Everything was calm and peaceful. But then, all of a sudden, there was a loud yell. It was coming from outside. The little boy was scared! He ran to get his mom. She heard the loud yell too. She hugged the little boy and said, Its okay. Lets go see what made that sound. So, they went outside with the flashlight. They looked all around, but no one was there. Mommy said, We better get back inside. Its dark out here. Once they got back inside, the house was quiet again. Mommy said, You just heard an animal yell. Some animals like to yell at night and it can be a little scary. But, its okay. The little boy felt brave and smiled. Then, he snuggled up with his mom and fell asleep feeling safe.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She was very excited because she was going to have a sleepover with her friend, Emma. Lilys mommy helped her lay out a sheet on the floor for them to sleep on. They had pillows and blankets too. Lily and Emma stayed up late telling stories and giggling. They were having so much fun! When it was time to go to sleep, they snuggled under the blankets and closed their eyes. The next morning, Lilys mommy came in and saw that they had slept on the sheet. She was happy that they had such a good time together. Lily and Emma were already awake and ready for breakfast. They couldnt wait to have pancakes and syrup!Lily and Ben like to go to the lake with their dad. Their dad is a fisherman. He catches fish with a rod and a net. He teaches Lily and Ben how to fish too. One day, they see a big fish in the water. It is shiny and red. Lily and Ben want to catch it. They ask their dad, Can we catch the big fish, dad? Their dad answers, That is a carp. It is a very healthy fish. It is good to eat. But it is also very smart and strong. You have to be patient and careful if you want to catch it. Lily and Ben nod. They take their rods and put some bread on the hooks. They throw the hooks into the water. They wait and watch. Soon, the big fish swims near the hooks. It smells the bread. It opens its mouth and bites the hook. Lily and Ben feel a tug on their rods. They shout, We got it, we got it! Their dad helps them pull the fish out of the water. It is heavy and wet. It flaps and splashes. Lily and Ben are happy and proud. They hug their dad and the fish. Their dad says, Well done, Lily and Ben. You caught a carp. It is a very healthy fish. It is good to eat. But it is also very smart and strong. You have to be kind and respectful to it. Lily and Ben agree. They say, Thank you, fish. You are a very healthy fish. You are good to eat. But you are also very smart and strong. We are kind and respectful to you. They put the fish in a bucket of water. They take it home and cook it for dinner. They share it with their mom and their dog. They all enjoy the fish. It is tasty and healthy. Lily and Ben are happy. They love fishing with their dad. He is a good fisherman.Once upon a time, there was a cube. It was dead and sad. But then something special happened! Someone came up to the cube and added something to make it better. The cube was happy again! The special thing that was added made it alive. It could move and laugh. The cube was so glad. Everywhere it went, the cube was joyful. Everyone saw it and smiled. The cube was the happiest cube in the world.Once upon a time, there was a bear. He was always very hungry and wanted something sweet to eat. He decided to search all around the forest to find something yummy. He looked high and low but he just couldnt find what he was looking for. Suddenly, he saw a dark tree and had an idea. He climbed up the tree and saw a beehive. He knew that this was the solution to his problem. He carefully opened up the hive and started to search inside. He was so happy when he found some honey! He ate all the honey he could find and was very full. He also decided to take some of the honey with him, so he could eat more later. He put the honey in his pocket and headed home. From that day on, the bear always searched for honey in the dark tree. Whenever he was hungry, he remembered the delicious honey he had found in the tree and went back for more.Once there was a little girl named Maisy. Maisy loved falling asleep in her bed and dreaming about all her incredible adventures. Every night she would climb into bed and look out of her window at the nearby cliff. One night, Maisy had an especially incredible dream and wanted to go explore the cliff the next day. The next morning, Maisy asked her family Can I go up the cliff? Her family told her it is too high and unsafe for her, but promised to take her to the bottom of the cliff and that she could look up from there. Maisy was excited to go explore the cliff and eagerly headed out. When Maisy reached the bottom of the cliff, the sight of it was so incredible that she could not take her eyes away. Suddenly, Maisy heard a crash. She looked up and saw a sleeping bear just one inch away from the edge of the cliff. Maisy was amazed, and with a big smile she told her family Look, a sleeping bear! Maisy and her family safely moved away from the cliff, never forgetting the incredible sight of the sleeping bear. From then on, Maisy never forgot to look up at the cliff, dreaming of the adventures she could have if she could go explore it.Once upon a time, there was a big storm. The storm was very loud. It made a little girl named Lily wake up in her bed. Lily was scared of the storm. Lily had a toy bear named Mr. Bear. Mr. Bear was very useful. He made Lily feel safe. Lily hugged Mr. Bear tight. She knew Mr. Bear would help her feel better. The storm went away. The sun came out. Lily and Mr. Bear went outside to play. They were happy. The storm was gone, and Lily knew Mr. Bear would always be there to help her.Once upon a time, there was a fancy sailor who loved to crawl around the world. He was looking for adventure and was often out of sight. One night, he came across a pond and looked in. He saw a beautiful, giant fish swimming around. Without a thought, the sailor jumped right in! The water was cold and crisp, but that didnt stop him. He swam and swam, trying to reach the fish. Hours later, the fancy sailor finally caught the fish! But the fish had some wise words for him. The fish said, Be careful of what you wish for. You wanted adventure, so be thankful for what you have. Crawling around wont take you far. The fancy sailor listened to the fish and was glad he did. He smiled, thanked the fish and promised to never forget its wise words. From then on, the sailor found other ways to explore the world, but always remembered the lesson. Adventure can be found everywhere, even while you crawl.Once upon a time there was a boy named Tom. Tom was three years old and he loved motorcycles. He dreamt every night of being able to ride one. One day, Tom told his mom about his dream. His mom smiled and said, âœIf you really believe, Tom, your dream can come true.â Tom was so excited. Every day he asked his mom if it was time for him to ride a motorcycle. His mom said he was too small. One day, Toms mom took him to a store. Tom saw a flexible motorcycle nearby. He looked up at his mom and said, âœWill I be able to ride this one, Mommy?â His mom smiled and said, âœYes! You just have to believe, Tom.â Tom smiled and hopped onto the motorcycle. He was so excited he couldnt believe it. He rode around the store, feeling like the luckiest boy in the world. From that day on, Tom never stopped believing in his dreams.Once upon a time, there was a long cat named Tom. Tom liked to store his toys in a big box. One day, Tom saw a screen in his house. He had never seen it before. He wanted to play with it. Toms friend, Sam the dog, came over. What is that? asked Sam. I dont know, said Tom. Lets find out! They played near the screen, but they were careful not to touch it. Later, Mom came home. She saw Tom and Sam by the screen. You found the new TV! she said. Lets watch a fun show! Tom and Sam were happy. They watched a show about a cat and a dog who were friends, just like them.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to bake with his mommy. They would make yummy cookies and cakes together. One day, Timmys mommy said they should make something healthy. Timmy didnt like the sound of that, but he trusted his mommy. They decided to make a piece of bread with lots of seeds and grains. Timmy helped mix the dough and put it in the oven to bake. He was so excited to try it! When it was ready, they took a piece out and Timmy took a big bite. But it didnt taste good at all. It was dry and hard and not sweet like he was used to. Timmy was very sad that he didnt like the healthy bread. He wished they had made cookies instead. From that day on, Timmy didnt want to bake anything healthy with his mommy. He just wanted to make sweet treats.Once there was a gifted girl named Daisy. She loved spending time at the pond. Every day she would watch as the small fishes swam around. One day she noticed a very big tree near the pond. Every time the wind blew, the leaves of the tree would whisper. Daisy stopped to listen. She sighed and closed her eyes. Suddenly she heard singing. It was the most beautiful music she had ever heard. Daisy opened her eyes and saw the fishes had changed colour and were now singing together. She smiled, it was the most magical thing she had ever seen! The fishes whispered to Daisy that they were thankful to have their own secret song and they were glad she was gifted enough to have heard it. Daisy thanked them and waved goodbye. She knew she would never forget her special time at the pond.Sara and Ben are friends. They like to play with blocks and cars. One day, Sara has a new toy. It is a big eye. It can see many things. Look, Ben, this is my big eye. It can see far and near. It can see colors and shapes. It can see you and me. Sara says. Wow, Sara, your big eye is cool. Can I try it? Ben asks. Sure, Ben, you can try it. But be careful. It is fragile. Do not drop it or break it. Sara says. Ben takes the big eye and puts it to his eye. He sees many things. He sees the trees and the birds. He sees the cars and the bikes. He sees the clouds and the sun. He sees Sara and her smile. This is amazing, Sara. Your big eye can see so much. It can improve my sight. It can make me happy. Ben says. I am glad you like it, Ben. My big eye can make me happy too. It is a gift from my grandma. She says it can help me learn and explore. She says it can make me smart and curious. Sara says. Sara and Ben share the big eye. They take turns to see different things. They learn and explore. They are smart and curious. They are happy. They are friends.Once upon a time, there was a big cow named Betsy. She loved to eat lots of yummy beef and play with her friends. One day, Betsy ate a magic mushroom and started to shrink smaller and smaller. She felt scared because everything around her looked so big. Her friends noticed that Betsy was missing, and they started to search for her. They looked everywhere, but they couldnt find her. Suddenly, they saw a tiny cow hiding under a leaf. It was Betsy! They were so happy to find her, but they didnt know how to make her normal size again. They decided to ask the wise old owl for help. He said that Betsy needed to eat a special kind of grass to become normal again. They found the grass and gave it to Betsy. She ate it all up and grew back to her big size. Everyone was so relieved and happy that Betsy was back to normal. From that day on, Betsy was careful not to eat any more magic mushrooms.Once upon a time, there was a thin cat named Tom. Tom lived in a small house with his best friend, a little girl named Lisa. They loved to play in the park together. One day, they went to the park and saw a big statue. The statue was of a tall man who used to serve food to the people in the town. Lisa and Tom liked the statue and wanted to play near it. They played hide and seek around the statue. Tom hid behind the statues legs while Lisa tried to find him. Then, they had a fun picnic near the statue. They served each other yummy sandwiches and juice. After a happy day, Lisa and Tom went back to their small house, excited to visit the statue again soon.Once upon a time there was a band of four animals, each one was its own color. There was a red dog, a blue frog, a yellow cat, and a green parrot. Together they were always having lots of fun. One day, the dog was walking in the forest alone. Suddenly, he heard something that scared him! He knew he wasnt alone in the forest and he started to run. The other animals heard the dog barking and ran to the forest to help him. When the band of four animals got to the forest, they saw a big mean bear! Dont worry, said the parrot. We are here to protect you. Suddenly the bear started to run away! The band felt like heroes and they all cheered. From then on, the band was never lonely. Whenever one of them felt scared, they knew that the other three would always be there to help.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved her mommy very much because she was always there to help her. One day, Lily and her mommy went to the store to buy some food. While they were there, Lily saw a toy she really wanted. She asked her mommy if she could have it, but her mommy said they didnt have enough money to buy it. Lily was sad, but her mommy told her that there were other things that were more important than toys. She said, Its important to value the things we have, like our home and our family. And I am always here for you, Lily. I am a dependable mother. Lily smiled and hugged her mommy, knowing that she was right. She didnt need a toy to be happy because she had a loving and dependable mother who always took care of her.Once there was a little girl named Mandy and she loved playing with her lovely video. Every day after school she would run home, grab her video and settle down for hours, watching her own movie. Her mom had a rule that Mandy had to clean up before she could play with the video. But Mandy kept forgetting and her mom was getting frustrated. So one day, Mandys mom decided to teach her a lesson. She said, Mandy, why dont you play with your own video today? Mandy was a bit confused, but she agreed. She grabbed her lovely video and went to sit down but she couldnt turn it on! Mandy had to figure out what was wrong. After a little while, she realized that her mom had taken out the batteries as a reminder of her responsibility. Mandy learned her lesson that day you have to clean before you can own something. Taking care of your lovely video requires remembering to put the batteries in and clean it up. This will ensure that it will always be available for you when you need it.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside with her friends. One day, as she was playing in the park, she saw her friend Johnny crying. Lily went up to Johnny and asked, Whats wrong? Johnny sniffled and said, I lost my toy car. Lily felt thoughtful and wanted to help her friend. She looked around and saw the toy car in the grass. She picked it up and said, Here, I found your car. Ill give it back to you. Johnny smiled and said, Thank you, Lily. Youre the best friend ever. Lily felt happy that she could make Johnny smile again. They continued playing in the park until noon, when it was time to go home. From that day on, Lily and Johnny were even closer friends.Once upon a time there was a big jar. It was filled with water and the grownups called it a hose. Every day, the kids had fun spraying water from the jar. They ran around, singing and laughing. One day, the jar got a big hole in it. Water started spilling out of the jar and the kids stopped playing. They watched sadly as all the water drained away. Suddenly, the grownups came to the rescue. They brought a replacement jar, only this one was even bigger! The kids gasped in amazement and quickly ran to get their toys. They began to laugh and play again and they had so much fun with the new jar. The kids now loved to spray water even more. It was so much fun to watch the water fly out of the big jar. They knew the grownups had taken care of them and they thanked them with big hugs.Molly was playing near a lake. She was wearing her favorite hat and singing. Suddenly, Molly saw a big fish jump in the lake. She wanted to join the fish. She quickly put her hat away and she dived into the lake. The water was cold and wet. She swam around and around, feeling very happy. After a while, Molly got tired and said goodbye to the fish. She dived out of the lake and back onto the shore. She felt a bit wet and cold, but she was also very happy. She quickly got dressed and put on her hat again. She smiled and waved goodbye to the fish, before running off to find some more fun things to do.Lily and Max are playing soccer in the park. They like to kick the ball and run after it. Lily is good at scoring goals. Max is good at stopping goals. Max, can you be my goalie? Lily asks. I want to practice scoring. OK, Lily, I can be your goalie. You are a reliable friend, Max says. He goes to the net and waits for Lily. Lily kicks the ball hard. It flies in the air. Max jumps and tries to catch it. But the ball is too fast. It goes over his head and into the net. Yay, I scored! Lily shouts. She runs to the net and hugs the ball. Good job, Lily. You are a good scorer, Max says. He claps for Lily. They play some more. Lily scores two more goals. Max stops one goal. They are having fun. But then, they hear a loud noise. It is a dog. It is big and brown. It sees the ball and runs to it. It grabs the ball with its mouth and runs away. Hey, thats our ball! Lily and Max yell. They chase the dog. They want their ball back. The dog is fast. It runs across the park. It goes behind a tree. Lily and Max lose sight of it. Where did it go? Lily asks. She is sad. She likes the ball. Lets search for it, Max says. He is brave. He wants to help Lily. They look around. They see a bush. They see a bench. They see a pond. But they dont see the ball or the dog. Where is it? Max asks. He is confused. He doesnt like the dog. Maybe its over there, Lily says. She points to a hill. She sees something round and colorful. They run to the hill. They climb up. They see the ball. It is on the ground. The dog is gone. Look, there it is! Lily says. She is happy. She runs to the ball and picks it up. Yay, we found it! Max says. He is relieved. He runs to Lily and hugs her. They hug the ball. They are happy. They have their ball back. They go back to the net. They play some more. They score and stop goals. They are good friends. They are good players. They are happy.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to watch the birds outside his window. One day, he saw an incredible pigeon with colorful feathers. Mommy, look at the incredible pigeon outside! Timmy exclaimed. His mommy came over to see the bird. Wow, that is a beautiful pigeon. Did you know that pigeons can fly very far? she said. Timmy was amazed. Can we print a picture of the pigeon to show my friends? he asked. Of course, we can print a picture and put it on the fridge, mommy replied. Timmy was very happy and couldnt wait to show his friends the incredible pigeon.Once upon a time, there was a leopard. He was very fast! He liked to explore and meet new friends. One day, he ventured deep into the forest. As he was walking through, he came across a beautiful meadow. He was so excited to meet new friends! He plodded around the meadow looking for someone to meet. He could smell a little cub nearby. He crept up slowly, trying not to make too much noise. He found a little cub, cuddled up in a bush! The leopard slowly stepped closer and said hello. The cub was startled but before he could run away, the leopard assured him he was just saying hi. The cub eventually smiled and hopped up to meet his new friend. He and the leopard spent the afternoon playing together around the meadow. They laughed and ran around the cub was amazed at how fast the leopard ran! Before it got too dark, the cub said goodbye to his new friend and they hugged tightly. The cub was sad to see the leopard go, but he was looking forward to meeting him again soon.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys and read books. One day, she was playing hideandseek with her friend, Timmy. She hid behind the enormous bookcase in the living room. Timmy looked for her everywhere, but he couldnt find her. Finally, he saw her little feet sticking out from behind the bookcase. I found you, Lily! he shouted. Lily giggled and said, You did! But now its my turn to find you. She crawled out from behind the bookcase and stood up. Suddenly, she kicked her toy car and it went flying across the room. Oops! Lily said, I didnt mean to do that. Lets go play something else. And off they went to play with their dolls.One day, Jill the giraffe was walking through the savanna and admiring the beautiful scenery. She saw the tall trees, blue skies, and the animals scurrying around. Suddenly, she spotted a pile of dust on the ground. When she got closer, she saw that the dust was actually a delicate porcupine teddy bear. Jill wanted to take it with her, but she couldnt find anyone around. Jill was about to leave when she heard a voice Why are you taking my toy? It was Sophie the elephant, and she looked really sad. Jill quickly apologized and told Sophie that she was just admiring the teddy bear, and she offered to help Sophie find it. The two friends went on a long hunt until they finally located the teddy bear. When they got it, Sophie was so glad that she hugged Jill, thanked her and ran home. The moral of the story is that friendship and kindness can help us through difficult times. We all need each other, and when we admire and appreciate the special things in life, great friendships can develop.One day, Mommy and Baby had a very special surprise. Mommy went out and bought a special can of black paint and a brush. She said, Were going to make something fun! Mommy and Baby spent the day painting. Baby helped Mommy paint a big wall. The wall was plain before, but now it looked very special! When they were finished, Mommy sprayed a big word Welcome. It was beautiful, and sparkling in the sun! Baby was very proud. He said, Look Mommy, I helped make something special! Mommy smiled and said, Yes, you did! Now everyone who sees it will know that our home is a place of welcome!Once upon a time, there was a lizard named Lizzy. Lizzy was a powerful lizard who liked to stretch her legs and arms every day. One day, Lizzy went for a walk and saw a big rock. She wanted to climb the rock, but it was too high for her. Lizzy decided to stretch her legs and try again. She stretched and stretched until she was able to climb the rock. Lizzy felt very powerful and happy. From that day on, Lizzy stretched every day so she could do more powerful things. The end.Once upon a time there was a little girl called Jane. Jane liked to go for walks. One morning, she decided to go for a walk with her mom. They went to the park and saw lots of nice things. Jane wanted to find a special bean. She looked around and soon found a pale bean. It was so pretty! Jane was so excited. She showed it to her mom and they both smiled. They carried on with their walk and soon they were back home. Jane put the pale bean in a special box so she could look at it whenever she wanted. She was so happy and thanked her mom for the nice walk.Tom and Mia like to look at the stars at night. They go outside with their mom and dad and lie on a big blanket. They see many stars in the sky. Some are big and bright, some are small and dim. They try to find shapes and animals in the stars. One night, Tom sees a star that is moving very fast. He points and says, Look, a shooting star! Mia looks and sees it too. She says, Wow, its so pretty! Mom and dad smile and tell them to make a wish. Tom and Mia close their eyes and think of something they want. Tom wishes for a new bike. He wants to ride fast and far. Mia wishes for a new doll. She wants to play and dress her up. They open their eyes and hope their wishes will come true. They get up and run to the house. They are happy and excited. But Tom does not see a rock on the ground. He steps on it and slips. He falls and hurts his knee. He cries and says, Ow, ow, ow! Mia runs to him and hugs him. She says, Its okay, Tom. Im here. Mom and dad come and help Tom. They clean his knee and put a bandaid on it. They say, Youre brave, Tom. Its just a little scrape. It will heal soon. Tom stops crying and says, Thank you, mom and dad. He looks at Mia and says, Thank you, Mia. Youre a good sister. Mia smiles and says, Youre welcome, Tom. Youre a good brother. They go inside and get ready for bed. They brush their teeth and put on their pajamas. They hug mom and dad and say, Good night, we love you. Mom and dad say, Good night, we love you too. They tuck them in and turn off the light. Tom and Mia look out the window and see the stars again. They are calm and quiet. They think of their wishes and hope they will come true. They close their eyes and fall asleep. They dream of stars and bikes and dolls. They are happy.Tom and Lily were twins. They liked to play outside in the snow. They made a snowman and threw snowballs at each other. They laughed and had fun. But one day, the snow melted and turned into ice. The ice was hard and slippery. Tom and Lily could not play outside anymore. They had to stay inside and watch the ice from the window. They were miserable. Mom, can we go outside? Tom asked. No, dear, its too cold and dangerous. You might fall and hurt yourself on the ice. Mom said. But we are bored. We have nothing to do. Lily said. Mom thought for a moment. She had an idea. Why dont you watch a movie with me? I have a DVD of Frozen. Its about a princess who can make ice and snow with her magic. Maybe you will like it. Mom said. Tom and Lily agreed. They liked movies. They cuddled with Mom on the couch and watched the movie. They saw the princess make a snowman and a castle of ice. They heard her sing and laugh. They forgot about the ice outside. They were happy.Once upon a time, there was an ugly twig. It was lying all alone in the damp ground. Suddenly, a little girl appeared. She was only three years old. She bent down, touched the twig, and wanted to take it home. But then she thought the twig wasnt very pretty, so she left it and ran away. She regretted her decision. Without the twig, the ground looked so empty. A tear rolled down her cheek as she remembered how ugly and lonely the twig was. She took a deep breath and ran back to the twig. But before she could pick it up, it was gone. The little girl was sad and wished she hadnt been so hasty. She had a lot of regrets now. She wished she would have taken the twig home with her and made it happy. That way, the ugly twig would have had a special place in her heart forever.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, Lily decided to go on a walk with her mommy. They walked and walked until they reached a big park. While they were walking, Lily felt something on her shoulder. It was a disgusting bug! She didnt like bugs, so she asked her mommy to take it off. Her mommy brushed it away and they kept walking. After a while, they saw a big slide in the park. Lily wanted to go on it, but she was scared. Her mommy told her she should try it and that she would be there to catch her. So, Lily went up the ladder and slid down. She had so much fun! Finally, it was time to go home. Lily was tired from all the walking and sliding, so her mommy carried her on her shoulder. Lily felt safe and happy. They went home and had a yummy dinner together. The end.One day, a little girl named Lily went to the doctors office. She had a sore arm and her mommy wanted the doctor to take an xray. The doctor said, Lily, we need to cover you with a big blanket so we can take a picture of your arm. Lily asked, Will it hurt? The doctor shook his head and said, No, it wont hurt at all. After the xray, the doctor looked at the picture and said, Lily, you have a small booboo in your arm. You need to be careful and not be naughty with it. Lily nodded her head and said, Okay, I will be careful. Her mommy gave her a big hug and said, Im proud of you for being brave at the doctors office. Lily and her mommy left the doctors office and went to get an ice cream cone. Lily felt happy because she wasnt scared of the doctor and she knew she had to be careful with her arm. She also felt proud of herself for being a good listener.Tom is a cat. He likes to play with his ball of yarn. He rolls it, chases it, and bites it. He is happy. But one day, a new cat comes to his house. His name is Max. He is big and black. He sees Toms ball of yarn and wants it. He runs to it and grabs it with his paws. Hey, that is mine! Tom says. He runs to Max and tries to get his ball back. He scratches Max with his claws. Max scratches him back. They fight. They fight hard. They bite and hiss and growl. They make a lot of noise. They knock over a vase and a lamp. They make a mess. Stop it, you two! a voice says. It is Mom. She is angry. She picks up both cats and puts them in different rooms. She takes away the ball of yarn. She says, No more fighting. You have to share and be nice. Tom and Max are sad. They do not have their ball of yarn. They do not have fun. They sit and lick their wounds. They think about what they did. They are sorry. They do not want to fight anymore. They want to be friends. They want to play together. They meow softly. They hope Mom will forgive them. They hope she will give them back their ball of yarn. They hope they can share and be nice.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the park. One day, she found a plastic ball in the grass. It was dirty, but Lily didnt mind. She played with it anyway. After a while, Lily got tired and wanted to rest. She looked around and saw a bench. She went over to it and sat down. The bench was also dirty, but Lily didnt care. She was happy to rest and watch the other kids play. As she sat on the bench, Lily noticed that the ball she was playing with had a hole in it. It wasnt good anymore. She decided to throw it away in the trash can. Then she went back to playing with her friends. The end.Once upon a time there was a driver who was going for a drive. As he drove down the road, he noticed a big tree. He was curious and decided to take a closer look! He noticed that it was full of apples. He thought this was very useful. He stopped and asked the tree, Excuse me, can I have some of your apples? The tree answered him, Yes, of course! Of course you can take some! The driver was so happy. He quickly filled up a bag with apples and thanked the tree. The driver said, Thank you so much! These apples will be so useful! The driver drove away, feeling very happy. He had noticed the tree, and now he had lots of apples!Once upon a time there was a boy named Tom. He was very energetic and curious. One day while walking around in the woods he saw a rough club lying on the ground. He decided to take a closer look and examine it. Suddenly a giant man appeared in the distance. He was the owner of the club and he was very angry. He shouted That club is mine! Tom was scared and started to cry. He didnt know what to do. But then he heard a gentle voice from behind. It was a wise old lady. She said Tom, dont be scared. You shouldnt take what doesnt belong to you. You should respect other peoples belongings and treat them with care. Tom learned something valuable that day. He understood that even though he was curious and wanted to find out more about the club, it was not his to take. Even if something looks interesting, it is not polite to touch it without the permission of the owner.The sun was setting in the evening sky and the sky was painted in a beautiful red colour. Mom, what is that beautiful colour? asked little Maya. That is the evening sky, sweetheart, said mom. Maya smiled with delight and said, I hope that it stays red forever! Her mom chuckled and said, Im sure that we can see a red evening sky again. But for now, lets go inside. Maya gave one last look at the red sky before she and her mom headed inside. She hoped that the beautiful red sky would still be there tomorrow. Then she said, Goodnight, red sky.Sara was a very sleepy girl. She was so sleepy that she had to take a nap. She found a comfortable spot and curled up for a nap. Saras mom made her a nice cup of tea when she woke up. Sara loved the sweet tea and felt much better. Sara felt energized after her nap and her cup of tea. She was so happy and excited she could barely contain herself! Sara wanted to show her mom just how energized she was feeling. She decided to run around in circles around her mom and laugh. Sara and her mom had a lot of fun together. After playing for a while, Sara was starting to feel tired again. She was happy though, because she knew shed get to have another cup of tea just before bed.It was a dark night. Max was in bed but he couldnt sleep. He had heard something strange coming from his cupboard. So he put on his slippers and got out of bed. He slowly opened his cupboard door and peered inside. He couldnt see anything, but he could feel something move. Suddenly, a tiny green hand came out of the darkness and waved at Max. Hello, said Max. A tiny voice replied, Hello Max. Im a little fairy and Im very lonely. Can you help me? Max smiled. Of course I can, he said. Max held out his hand and the fairy flew out of the cupboard and onto Maxs hand. Together they went outside where the fairy could wave to the stars and the moon. Max and the fairy talked for hours and became very good friends. Every night, the fairy would wave goodbye to Max as he climbed back into his bed and settle down for the night.Once upon a time, there was a group of animal friends. They loved to play together and have fun. One day, they decided to go on an adventure in the forest. As they walked, they came across a little bird who was lost. The group of friends felt sad for the bird and decided to help him find his way home. They searched and searched until they found the birds nest. The bird was so happy and grateful that he laughed and sang a beautiful song for his new friends. The group of friends felt proud and happy that they could help the little bird. From that day on, the little bird became a loyal friend to the group. They all learned that helping others can bring joy and happiness to everyone.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to read her novel every night before she went to bed. One night, Lily felt very sleepy but she wanted to finish her book. She tried to keep her eyes open but she couldnt. The next morning, Lily woke up and found that she had fallen asleep with her book open. She was sad because she didnt get to finish it. Lily learned that its important to rest when youre feeling sleepy, otherwise you might miss out on things you enjoy. From that day on, Lily made sure to finish reading her book before she got too sleepy. She felt happy knowing that she could enjoy her book without feeling tired. The moral of the story is that its important to take care of yourself and get enough rest.Once upon a time there was a very lucky waffle. He lived in a big happy town and everybody loved him. He was so happy, he wanted to marry. One day he saw a beautiful waffle who also wanted to marry. So they got married right away! The marriage made everyone in the town so excited. They all wanted to join in on the celebration! They put up decorations and made special waffles. Everybody was eating and having a good time. The lucky waffle and his wife were so content. They both smiled and hugged each other. Everyone in the town was so happy they married. The happy couple had a beautiful marriage. They were always together and were so in love. They were always encouraging each other. Everyone in the town was so happy for them, because they were so lucky!Once upon a time there was a creative little girl named Ali. She had a favorite toy â a special comb. Alis mom always said, âœThat comb needs to be repaired â it looks broken!â But Ali wanted to keep her special comb just the way it was. So she ignored her momâs advice. One day, when Ali was playing with her comb, it suddenly flew out of her hands. And when she saw it laying on the ground, she noticed it was broken. Ali quickly ran to her mom, crying. âœMommy, the comb is broken! Can you repair it?â Her mom smiled and said, âœThatâs why I told you it needs to be repaired! Donât worry, I will repair it.â The next day, when Ali saw the fixed comb, she was surprised! It was even more beautiful than before! âœThank you, mommy!â Ali hugged her mom and said. âœYouâre creative and clever, Ali.â Her mom smiled. âœItâs ok to repair broken things.âOnce upon a time, there was a little girl named Daisy. She was three years old and loved to clap her hands. One night, while Daisy was playing in the park, she wanted to clap her hands but it was too dark. Daisy called out to the night, Hey, night! Please come back during the day so I can clap again! The night, of course, did not answer. Daisy sighed and said, That was so stupid! Just then, a voice from behind said, Whoever said that? It was not very nice! Daisy turned around and saw an old man. She said, I said it! It was stupid of me to think that the night would come back! The old man laughed and said, It was a little stupid, but it was understandable. Why dont you clap your hands now and enjoy the night? I promise that the night wont run away. Daisy smiled and started clapping her hands. She looked up at the stars in the sky and said, Thank you, night, for not running away!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily who loved to knit with yarn. She would sit in her room for hours, knitting scarves and hats for her family and friends. One day, Lily ran out of yarn and was very sad. She asked her mom if she could supply her with more yarn. Of course, my dear, her mom said, eager to help. Lily was so happy and grateful that she gave her mom a big hug. Thank you, Mommy! Now I can keep knitting and making things for everyone, she exclaimed. From that day on, Lily never ran out of yarn again. She kept knitting and creating beautiful things, always eager to share her talents with others.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Joe who had a very special porch at his house. He loved to play on the porch and he was always very alert when he was outside. One day while Joe was balancing on the porch, he noticed something strange in the sky. He squinted and saw a bright, shiny star. Joe was so excited and he called out to his mom and dad. Mom, Dad, look what I found! he shouted. His mom and dad quickly looked up and saw the star too. Thats an amazing discovery Joe! his dad said, Lets balance on the porch and see if we can see anymore stars too! Joe was so happy as he balanced on the porch with his mom and dad. They kept looking up at the night sky, until they eventually saw many more stars twinkling in the darkness. Joe was filled with joy and he was so alert while he was looking up at the stars. He had never seen such a beautiful sight before and he was so lucky to share the experience with his mom and dad. The family stayed up late, until Joe eventually fell asleep in his dads arms. Joe smiled, knowing that he had made a special discovery on his porch.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Mia. She had a pretty blouse with flowers on it. Mia loved to wear her blouse every day. One day, Mia saw a cute kitty. The kitty was deaf and could not hear Mia when she called it. Mia wanted to be friends with the kitty. So, she decided to follow it. Mia followed the kitty all around the park. They played together and had lots of fun. At the end of the day, Mia and the deaf kitty became best friends. They went home and Mias mom let her keep the kitty. Mia and the kitty lived happily ever after.Once upon a time there were two young boys who lived together in a small room. They were best friends, always doing fun things together. One morning, the boys decided to go for a walk. As they were walking, they saw a big, heavy box that was not tied down. Being curious, they decided to see what was inside. As soon as they opened the box, they saw lots of flowers and other pretty things. The boys were excited and started to take the things out. Suddenly, a man appeared behind them. He was very angry and yelled at the boys. He told them that the box belonged to his shop and that they had to put everything back. The boys tried to explain that they were only curious and wanted to support the shop but the man did not listen. He simply took the box away and told them to stay away from the shop. The boys felt sad and scared and quickly ran back to their room. From that day, they realised the importance of asking for help and support before doing anything.Once upon a time, there was a little ghost. The ghost liked to study. He liked to learn new things. He lived in a big house with other ghosts. The other ghosts played all day. They did not study. They did not learn new things. One day, the little ghost found a big book. The book was about being kind. The little ghost studied the book. He learned how to be kind. The other ghosts saw the little ghost being kind. They were envious. They wanted to be kind too. The little ghost taught the other ghosts how to be kind. They all studied the big book. They all learned how to be kind. The big house was now a happy house. The ghosts became friends. They played and studied together. The moral of the story is that learning and being kind makes everyone happy.Once upon a time, in a small house, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim loved to play outside all day. But when evening came, he would go inside to rest. One evening, Tim felt sad. He missed his friend, who moved away. His mom saw him and wanted to comfort him. She gave him a big hug and made him feel better. They went outside together to enjoy the cool air. They played catch and laughed a lot. Tim felt happy again. From that day on, they spent many cool evenings playing and laughing together.Jack and Jill were racing down the street very fast. They ran faster than they ever had before. Suddenly, a big, furry taxi drove up beside them. It drove so fast that Jack and Jill couldnt keep up. The taxi raced away with the two friends looking on. Jack and Jill stopped running, out of breath. Wow, that taxi was so fast, said Jack. Yeah, lets race back home, shouted Jill. So they raced each as fast as they could and were back home in no time. They were so happy and giggled the whole way.Once upon a time there was a bunny named Tom. Tom loved decorating the grass around his house. Every day he would take different coloured ribbons and adorn the grass with them. One day when Tom was busy decorating the grass, a sly fox came by and saw what he was doing. âœWhat are you doing, Tom?â asked the fox. âœIâm making the grass fancy,â replied Tom. The sly fox laughed and said, âœThatâs not very useful. Why donât you just eat the grass instead?â Tom thought about it for a moment and he realised that the fox was right decorating the grass was not as important as eating it! From then on, Tom made sure to keep the grass healthy and happy, and he was sure to enjoy it. The moral of the story is that it is important to take care of what we have and enjoy it, rather than wasting time and effort on things that are unnecessary.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily who loved to play with her toy boat. She would put the boat in a big bowl of water and watch it float around. One day, Lilys friend Timmy came over to play. Timmy saw the boat and demanded that Lily give it to him. Lily didnt want to give her boat away because she loved it so much. She told Timmy that it was hers and that he couldnt have it. Timmy got angry and started to cry. Lily didnt know what to do, but she remembered her mom telling her to always be kind and graceful. So, Lily decided to share her boat with Timmy. She showed him how to play with it and they had fun together. In the end, Timmy was happy and Lily felt good for being kind. The moral of the story is that sharing is important and being graceful can solve conflicts.Lila and Ben were playing on the beach. They liked to dig in the sand and look for shells. They found many shells of different colors and shapes. Some were big, some were small, some were smooth, some were rough. Look, Lila, I found a weird shell! Ben said, holding up a shell that was round and spiky. It has little holes in it. What do you think is inside? Lila looked at the shell and shrugged. I dont know. Maybe a bug or a fish. Do you want to open it and see? Ben nodded. He was curious. He tried to pull the shell apart, but it was too hard. He tried to hit it with a rock, but it was too strong. He tried to poke it with a stick, but it was too sharp. Ow! Ben cried, dropping the shell. It hurt me! Lila ran to him and hugged him. Are you okay, Ben? Let me see your hand. Ben showed her his hand. It had a small cut and a drop of blood. Lila took a tissue from her pocket and wrapped it around his hand. Its okay, Ben. Its just a little cut. It will heal soon. Dont touch the shell anymore. Its mean. Ben nodded. He felt better. He looked at the shell and saw something move inside. He gasped. Lila, look! The shell is alive! Something is coming out of it! Lila looked at the shell and saw a small creature with legs and claws and eyes. It was a crab. It crawled out of the shell and scuttled away. Wow! Lila said. It was a crab! It was hiding in the shell. It was scared of us. Thats why it hurt you. It wanted to protect itself. Ben nodded. He understood. He felt sorry for the crab. He wished he had not tried to open the shell. Im sorry, crab, Ben said. I didnt mean to hurt you. I hope you find a new shell. A nice one. Goodbye, crab. Lila smiled. She took Bens hand and they walked away. They left the shell on the sand. They hoped the crab would release it and find a new home. They learned something new that day. They learned that some shells are weird, but some shells are alive.Once upon a time, there was a little dog named Max. Max was very curious and loved to explore the world around him. One day, Max saw a firework in the sky. It was very pretty and colorful. Max was so excited that he started jumping up and down. Suddenly, Max saw a gray cat walking towards him. Max wanted to say hello to the cat, but he didnt know how. So, he decided to pinch the cats tail. The cat didnt like that and started meowing loudly. Max felt bad for pinching the cats tail and decided to apologize. He wagged his tail and licked the cats face. The cat forgave Max and they became friends. From that day on, Max learned that its not nice to pinch others and he always made sure to be kind to everyone he met.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a pink dress and loved to play with her kitten named Mittens. Mittens was very small and had soft fur. One day, Lily and Mittens were playing outside when they saw a big dog. The dog barked and scared Mittens. Lily said, Dont worry, Mittens. Just ignore the dog. Mittens listened to Lily and didnt pay attention to the dog. The next day, Lily and Mittens were playing again when they saw the same dog. But this time, the dog had a ball in its mouth. The dog dropped the ball and Mittens started to play with it. Lily said, Good job, Mittens. You ignored the dog yesterday and now he wants to play with you! From that day on, Mittens and the dog played together every day.Lily and Ben were playing in the garden. They saw a big red strawberry on a green plant. Lily wanted to pick it and eat it. She reached out her hand and touched the plant. Ow! she cried. The plant is rough and prickly. It hurts my hand. Ben looked at Lilys hand. He saw a tiny drop of blood on her finger. He felt sorry for Lily. Here, Lily, he said. Let me help you. I have a soft cloth in my pocket. I can wrap it around your finger. It will make it feel better. He took out the cloth and gently wrapped it around Lilys finger. Lily smiled at Ben. She felt better. Thank you, Ben, she said. You are very kind. Can we still have the strawberry? Ben nodded. He carefully picked the strawberry from the plant. He broke it in half and gave one half to Lily. They both ate their halves and licked their lips. Mmm, the strawberry is sweet and juicy, Lily said. It is the best strawberry ever. They hugged each other and laughed. They did not weep anymore. They were happy.Jill and Jack were playing outside in their garden. They were laughing and having fun. Then they saw a big puddle. Jill jumped in and started to splash. The puddle was so big, the water went everywhere. Jack wanted to join the fun, so he jumped in too. They splashed and splashed until the puddle was all gone. The water on their faces made them laugh even more. Then they heard music coming from the park. It was a band playing music. They decided to go there and they ran to the park. When they arrived at the park, they could see the band performing. Everyone was clapping and dancing. Jill and Jack decided to have a snack. They both had some sour lemonade and some sour apples. But they decided the sourness was too much and they still wanted to have fun. They decided to dance to the music and they splashed around in the park. They laughed and danced until they were all tired.Once upon a time there was a little girl with a broken hat. She loved her hat and wanted to wear it all the time, but the broken parts made it hard. One day, she walked past a store with a big window, and spotted a hat just like hers inside. She ran into the store and asked the shopkeeper if she could buy it. The shopkeeper said no and the little girl started to cry. She tried to open the window to take her hat, but the shopkeeper grabbed her. The little girl screamed and screamed, but nobody heard her. The shopkeeper pushed her out of the store and locked the window. The little girl went home with her broken hat, feeling worse than before. She never got her new hat, and she never saw the shopkeeper again.Sara likes to make things with clay. She has many colors of clay and some tools to shape them. She wants to make a cup for her mom. She thinks mom will like a cup to drink tea or water. She takes some blue clay and rolls it into a long snake. She bends the snake into a circle and presses the ends together. This is the bottom of the cup. She takes some yellow clay and makes a flat circle. She puts it on top of the blue circle and presses them together. This is the top of the cup. She makes a hole in the middle of the yellow circle with her finger. She makes the hole bigger and bigger until it is the size of her fist. She smooths the edges of the hole with her thumb. She takes some red clay and makes a small snake. She attaches one end of the snake to the side of the cup and the other end to the opposite side. This is the handle of the cup. She looks at her cup and smiles. She thinks it is very pretty and useful. She is proud of her work. She shows her cup to her mom and says, Look, mom, I made a cup for you! Mom hugs her and says, Thank you, Sara, this is a wonderful cup! You are very successful at making things with clay! Sara feels happy and loved. She gives her cup to mom and says, You can use it for tea or water or anything you like! Mom says, I will use it every day and think of you! They both smile and drink some tea from the cup.Lily and Tom were playing with their toys in the living room. They had a lot of fun making a big castle with blocks, cars, dolls and animals. They used glue to stick some parts together, so the castle would not fall down. Look, this is the king and the queen, and this is their baby princess, Lily said, showing Tom her dolls. They live in the castle and they are very happy. Thats nice, Lily, Tom said, nodding. And this is the dragon, he is very big and strong. He protects the castle from bad guys. He can breathe fire and fly in the sky. Wow, Tom, your dragon is cool, Lily said, admiring his toy. Can he be friends with the king and the queen? Sure, he can, Tom said, smiling. He is a good dragon, not a mean one. He likes the castle and the people in it. They played for a while, making up stories and sounds for their toys. They were having a lot of fun, until they heard a loud noise from the kitchen. What was that? Lily asked, scared. I dont know, lets go see, Tom said, curious. They left their toys on the floor and ran to the kitchen. There they saw their big brother Sam, who had knocked over a jar of cookies and made a mess. Sam, what are you doing? Lily asked, angry. I was hungry, and I wanted a cookie, Sam said, shrugging. But the jar was too high, and I dropped it. You are so clumsy, Sam, Tom said, shaking his head. You broke the jar and the cookies. Mom will be mad at you. Sam looked at the broken jar and the crumbs on the floor. He felt bad and sorry. He didnt mean to make a mess. He wished he could fix it. Maybe we can help you, Sam, Lily said, kindly. We have glue, we can glue the jar back together. Really? You would do that for me? Sam asked, surprised. Sure, we would, Tom said, nodding. You are our brother, and we love you. And glue is important, it can fix things. They ran back to the living room and got the glue. They carefully glued the pieces of the jar together, and put the cookies back inside. They were very proud of their work. Thank you, Lily and Tom, Sam said, hugging them. You are the best. You saved me from trouble. Youre welcome, Sam, Lily and Tom said, smiling. But next time, ask mom for a cookie, okay? Okay, I will, Sam said, nodding. And next time, can I play with you and your castle? Okay, you can, Lily and Tom said, nodding. But you have to be careful, and not break anything. Okay, I will, Sam said, nodding. And I will protect the castle with you and your dragon. They all laughed and hugged. They were happy and glad. They were a family, and they stuck together. Just like glue.Tom and Lily are playing in the house. They like to make forts with pillows and blankets. They find a big blanket in the closet and drag it to the living room. They see the stairs and have an idea. Lets make a slide! Tom says. We can remove the pillows from the couch and put them on the stairs. Then we can slide down the blanket! Okay! Lily says. That sounds fun! They work together to remove the pillows and pile them on the stairs. They spread the blanket over the pillows and the stairs. They climb to the top of the stairs and look down. Are you ready? Tom asks. Im ready! Lily says. They hold hands and slide down the blanket. They go very fast and feel the wind in their hair. They laugh and scream. But they slide too fast and too far. They reach the end of the blanket and the pillows. They fly off the stairs and land on the floor. They hit their heads and their arms and their legs. They cry and cry. Mom hears the noise and runs to the living room. She sees Tom and Lily on the floor, bleeding and bruised. She sees the blanket and the pillows and the stairs. She is very angry and very scared. What have you done? Mom yells. You could have killed yourselves! You are very naughty and very stupid! She picks up Tom and Lily and takes them to the car. She drives them to the hospital. They need stitches and bandages and medicine. They are in a lot of pain and a lot of trouble. They are not happy. They are sorry.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to eat candy and cookies all day long. One day, Lilys mommy told her it was time for bed. Lily didnt want to go to bed because she was not sleepy yet. Her mommy said, Lily, you have to go to bed now. You can taste more candy tomorrow. Lily went to bed but she couldnt sleep. She saw a spider on the wall and she thought it was interesting. She wanted to catch it, so she got out of bed. Suddenly, she fell and hit her head on the floor. Her mommy heard the noise and came to check on her. She saw that Lily was hurt and took her to the hospital. The doctors said that Lily had to stay in the hospital for a long time. Lily was sad because she couldnt eat candy and cookies in the hospital. She wished she had listened to her mommy and stayed in bed. The end.Once upon a time, there was a cow named Daisy. Daisy was very hungry and wanted to eat some grass. She went to a field where the grass was very wide and green. Daisy started to eat the grass and was very happy. Suddenly, a big bad wolf appeared. The wolf wanted to eat Daisy! Daisy was scared and started to run away. She ran and ran until she found a gate. She closed the gate and the wolf couldnt get in. Daisy was safe! From that day on, Daisy always made sure to close the gate behind her when she went into a field. She never wanted to be scared like that again.Once upon a time there was a pepper who was very troubled. He was feeling very sad and he didnt know why. He went looking for help and he found a friend who said she had a plan. His friend took out a big knife and she said, I will cut the pepper into lots of little pieces. This will make you feel much better. The pepper was very scared but he agreed. The friend carefully cut the pepper into pieces using the sharp knife. When she finished, the pepper really did feel better. His sadness had gone away. The pepper thanked his friend for helping him. He went away feeling happy and free. The end.Sara and Tom are friends. They like to play in the park. One day, they see a big tree with many roots. The roots are like long arms that come out of the ground. Lets visit the tree, Sara says. Maybe we can find some bugs or worms. OK, Tom says. But be careful. The roots are hard and rough. They can hurt you if you fall. They run to the tree and start to look for bugs or worms. They see some ants, a spider, and a snail. They are happy and curious. Look, Sara, I found a snail! Tom says. It has a shell and a slimy body. It moves very slow. Wow, Tom, thats cool! Sara says. Can I see it? Tom gives Sara the snail. Sara holds it in her hand and looks at it. She smiles. Hello, snail, she says. You are cute and funny. Do you like the tree? The snail does not answer. It hides in its shell. Suddenly, Sara trips on a root. She falls and drops the snail. The snail falls on a rock and breaks its shell. Sara and Tom are shocked and sad. Oh no, Sara, are you OK? Tom asks. He helps Sara get up. Im OK, Tom, but look at the snail! Sara says. She points at the snail. The snail is still and quiet. Oh no, Sara, Im sorry! Tom says. He picks up the snail. The snail does not move. Im sorry, too, Tom! Sara says. She starts to cry. We hurt the snail. We were not careful. We were bad. They hug each other and cry. They feel sorry for the snail. They wish they could fix the snail. They decide to bury the snail under the tree. They dig a small hole with their hands. They put the snail in the hole. They cover the snail with dirt and leaves. They say goodbye to the snail. Goodbye, snail, Sara says. We are sorry we hurt you. We hope you are happy in the ground. We will not forget you. Goodbye, snail, Tom says. We are sorry we hurt you. We hope you are safe in the ground. We will remember you. They leave the tree and go back to their parents. They tell their parents what happened. Their parents hug them and comfort them. They tell them they are sorry for the snail, too. They tell them they are not bad, but they should be more careful. They tell them they are proud of them for being honest and kind. Sara and Tom feel a little better. They learn a lesson. They promise to be more careful and respectful of the bugs and worms. They thank their parents and their friends. They still miss the snail. They hope the snail is OK.Once upon a time, in a small house, there lived an elderly lady. She had many books that she loved to read. Every day, she would sit in her big chair and read her favorite book. One sunny day, while she was reading, she felt a tickle in her nose. It made her want to sneeze. She tried to hold it in, but she couldnt. Achoo! she sneezed, and her book flew out of her hands. The elderly lady looked around for her book. She found it under the table. She picked it up, wiped her nose, and went back to her big chair. She smiled and started reading her book again. And from that day on, she always had a tissue nearby, just in case she needed to sneeze.Once upon a time, there was a panda. She liked to peek out of her cave early in the morning. One morning, she saw something easy. It was a small bird, chirping happily and singing a lovely tune. The panda was so surprised that she didnt know what to do. Then the bird flew away. The panda wanted to look for the bird, so she decided to go on an adventure. She peeked out of her cave many times, searching for the bird. Finally, the panda heard the bird singing again. It was happy to see her and they both enjoyed a nice chat. The friendship between the panda and the bird was growing and they became the best of friends. Every day, the panda peeked out of her cave to see if her friend had returned. Finally, with a smile on her face, the panda found the bird again. They sang together and enjoyed the gorgeous day in the forest. The panda and the bird were together again it was an easy and happy day.Once upon a time there was a foolish cat. He was always getting into trouble. One day he decided he wanted to change his ways. He went to the pond and wanted to catch a fish. But he was too silly and the fish laughed at him. Instead of catching the fish, he met a little frog. The frog hopped up the the cat and said, What are you trying to do, silly cat? The cat responded, I was planning to change my ways and do something nice. I thought I would try to catch a fish. The frog smiled and said, I understand, but why dont you help me instead? The foolish cat agreed and he spent the rest of the day helping the frog. Every time he did something good the frog sang, Well done, foolish cat! When it was time to go home, the cat was happy. He left the pond feeling proud. From that day on the foolish cat always remembered the frogs advice and was very careful to do nice things and make the right changes.Bob was a powerful man that always wore nice boots. One day, Bob was out walking when he tripped and his boots flew off! It embarrassed him, as everyone around him laughed. Bob was so embarrassed that his face went red. But then something amazing happened. Bob used the power inside him and he flew over to his boots. He put them back on and flew away, leaving everyone below him surprised and impressed! He flew away proudly, never feeling so powerful.Tom and Lily were playing with their toys in the garden. They had many shapes to make things with circles, squares, triangles, and more. Tom liked to make big towers with the triangles. He stacked them high and proud. Lily liked to make small houses with the squares. She put them close and cozy. Look at my tower, Lily! Tom said. It is the biggest tower ever! It is very big, Tom, Lily said. But my house is very nice, too. Tom did not care about Lilys house. He wanted to make his tower bigger and bigger. He took some of Lilys squares and put them on his tower. Lily did not like that. Tom, those are my squares! Lily said. Give them back! No, I need them for my tower! Tom said. My tower is more important than your house! Lily was sad and angry. She did not want to play with Tom anymore. She went to the other side of the garden, where there was a bird feeder. She saw some birds flying around, looking for food. She decided to feed them with some seeds she found. She filled the bird feeder with seeds and watched the birds come and eat. They were happy and grateful. They chirped and sang to Lily. Hello, birds! Lily said. Do you like the seeds? Yes, we do! the birds said. Thank you, Lily! You are very kind and generous! Lily smiled and felt happy, too. She liked to feed the birds and make them happy. Tom saw Lily and the birds from his tower. He felt lonely and bored. His tower was big, but it did not make him happy. He wished he had someone to play with and talk to. He looked at his tower and saw that it was not very stable. It wobbled and shook. He had taken too many squares from Lily and made his tower too heavy. He tried to fix it, but it was too late. His tower collapsed and fell down. He was scared and hurt. He cried out loud. Lily, help me! Tom said. My tower fell down and I am hurt! Lily heard Tom and ran to him. She saw him lying on the ground, covered with triangles and squares. She felt sorry for him. She helped him get up and checked if he was okay. He had some scratches and bruises, but nothing serious. Are you okay, Tom? Lily said. I am sorry your tower fell down. I am okay, Lily, Tom said. But I am sorry, too. I am sorry I took your squares and was mean to you. Your house was very nice, and you were very nice to the birds. You are a good friend, Lily. Can you forgive me? Lily hugged Tom and said, Of course I can forgive you, Tom. You are my friend, too. And friends help each other and share things. Come, lets feed the birds together. They have enough seeds for both of us. Tom and Lily fed the birds together and played with their shapes. They made new things with the circles, squares, triangles, and more. They made things that were big and small, high and low, but most of all, they made things that were fun and happy. They learned that being kind and generous is better than being greedy and selfish. And they lived happily ever after. The end.Once there was a charming bookshelf. It stood in the corner of a room and was filled with fun books. A 3 year old loved to play in the bookshelf. He would take out the books and look at all the wonderful pictures. He loved to whisper the stories to himself and make up more stories too. One day, the 3 year old wanted to keep the bookshelf to himself. He tried to protect the bookshelf with a big blanket. But the blanket was too small and the bookshelf was still exposed. The 3 year old started to cry. He wanted to protect the bookshelf but he couldnt. He was sad and frustrated. Suddenly, someone came in and took the bookshelf away from him. He screamed, but it was too late. The bookshelf was gone and he was left alone in the room. He could never see it again.Once upon a time, there was a bear. The bear was very wise and knew many things. One day, the bear went to explore some new woods. He came to a big tree and gave it a big squeeze. He was hoping to find some wisdom inside. Suddenly, he heard a voice come from the tree. What do you seek? it said. The bear was very surprised. He told the tree I seek wisdom. The tree said Give me a big squeeze and wisdom will come. The bear smiled and squeezed the tree with all his might. When he finished, a fine wisdom was released from the tree. The bear was very thankful. He now knew many things and had some magnificent wisdom to share.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jimmy. He was only three years old and loved to play with his toys. Jimmy was playing with his trucks outside when he heard a loud noise. It was coming from the backyard. He rubbed his sleepy eyes and realised smoke was coming from the grass! It was burning! Jimmy ran towards his mother and said, âœMama, the grass is burning!â His mother quickly ran out and put out the burning grass with a bucket of water. After the fire stopped, she said to Jimmy, âœPlease be careful, Jimmy. Burning is not safe. You can get hurt if you donât be careful.â But Jimmy just nodded and said, âœOK.â He went back to playing but suddenly felt a sharp pain in his arm. He cried out and said, âœOuch, mama! It hurts!â His mother took him to the doctor and they found out that it was a persistent burn from being too close to the fire. Jimmy learned his lesson that day and promised to always be careful and stay away from things that are burning.Once upon a time, there was a princess who wore a pretty veil on her head. She was very sad and troubled because she lost her favorite toy. She searched everywhere but couldnt find it. One day, she heard a scream coming from the garden. She went outside and saw her toy in the hands of a naughty monkey. The monkey was screaming and jumping around with the toy. The princess felt happy and relieved to find her toy, but also scared of the monkeys screams. She slowly approached the monkey and gently took the toy back. From that day on, she made sure to keep her toy safe and never let it out of her sight.Once upon a time, there was a little gray mouse who loved to play on his computer. He would spend all day clicking and tapping away, never taking a break. One day, the mouse felt very tired and his eyes hurt from staring at the bright screen. Suddenly, he heard a loud spring sound coming from outside. He went to investigate and found a beautiful garden full of colorful flowers and trees. The mouse realized he had been missing out on the beauty of nature because he was always on his computer. From that day on, the little gray mouse made a promise to himself to take breaks from his computer and enjoy the wonders of the world around him. He learned that there is more to life than just staring at a screen all day.A boy named Pete was thirsty. He went to the store and asked for some water. The storekeeper was very polite. He smiled and sold Pete a bottle of water. Pete thanked the storekeeper and ran off with his water. He was so happy to have some water. He couldnt wait to drink it. Pete thanked the storekeeper again before he left.Lily liked to ride her motorcycle. It was red and shiny and made a loud noise. She felt independent when she rode it, like she could go anywhere she wanted. She did not like to share her motorcycle with anyone. One day, she took her motorcycle to the park. She saw a boy playing with a ball. He looked at her motorcycle and smiled. He ran over to her and said, Hi, Im Ben. Can I try your motorcycle? Lily shook her head. No, this is mine. Go away. Ben frowned. He did not like her answer. He reached for her motorcycle and tried to pull it away from her. Lily got angry. She bit his hand hard. Ow! Ben cried. He let go of the motorcycle and ran away. He had a red mark on his hand where Lily bit him. Lily felt proud. She had defended her motorcycle. She got on it and rode away. She did not care about Ben or his ball. She only cared about her motorcycle. She was independent.Once upon a time there was a small boy who loved to wander. He lived in a big yellow house. He was always dropped off at a park near his house and he would wander around it. One day he discovered a yellow apple tree. There were many yellow apples on the tree. He was so happy. He picked one off the tree and took a big bite out of it. It was so tasty and delicious. He wanted to share it with his friends so he picked more apples from the tree and took them back to the park. He shared the yellow apples with all of his friends. Everyone thought they were so tasty. He was so happy. He enjoyed his day wandering around the park with his friends and eating yellow apples. He couldnt wait to go back again.Once there was a girl called Lucy who was very selfish. She wanted to turn her seat all the way round so she would always be facing forwards. But every day when she turned her seat, the other children shouted at her because they wanted to turn their own seat too. One day, Lucy decided to be kind and not turn her seat. Instead, she shared it with the other children. Soon, all the children were happy and turning the seat together. They laughed and joked the whole time, having lots of fun. When it was time to go home, the other children thanked her for being so kind. They gave her a big hug and waved goodbye. From that day on, Lucy was always kind and sharing, never being selfish again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, she went to the park to play with her friends. While playing, she saw a raven sitting on a tree. The raven looked very big and Lily felt a little fearful. Lilys friend, Timmy, saw that she was scared and asked her what was wrong. Lily pointed to the raven and said, Im scared of that big bird. Timmy smiled and said, Dont be scared, Lily. Ravens are nice birds. They wont hurt you. Lily felt better and decided to make a paper airplane. She asked Timmy to help her fold it. They folded the paper airplane together and had a lot of fun playing with it. Lily learned that sometimes things may seem scary, but its important to not be afraid and try new things.Once upon a time, a little girl named Lily went to the zoo with her daddy. They saw many animals like lions, tigers, and bears. Lily loved the lions because they would roar very loud. Lily said, Daddy, can we go see the lions again? They roar so high! Daddy said, Sure, lets go! So they went to see the lions again. But this time, one lion was very angry. He roared so loud that Lily and her daddy got scared. They tried to run away, but the lion was too fast. The lion caught up to them and Lilys daddy tried to protect her, but the lion was too strong. It was a very bad ending.Jimmy was at the store with his mom. He was excited to see all the different kinds of candy. He wanted some sugar and asked his mom if he could get some. His mom said yes, so they went over to the shelf with the sugar. Jimmy saw a lot of different kinds of sugar. White sugar, brown sugar, and regular sugar. He wanted the regular sugar because he liked the way it looked like. His mom put the regular sugar in the shopping cart. Jimmy was so excited to get home and have some sugar. He couldnt wait! When they got home, Jimmy put the regular sugar on the table. He opened the bag and grabbed a big spoonful of the sweet stuff and ate it. It was so delicious!Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to swim in the ocean with his mommy and daddy. One day, while swimming, Timmy saw a big shark. He was scared and started to cry. His mommy and daddy told him that it was just a normal shark and that they were safe. But the next day, Timmy didnt want to go swimming anymore. He was too scared of the shark. His mommy and daddy tried to make him feel better, but he just wasnt enjoying himself anymore. They knew they had to do something to help Timmy overcome his fear. So, they took him to a place where he could see lots of different kinds of sharks. Timmy was amazed and started to enjoy looking at them. He even got to touch a baby shark! After that, Timmy wasnt scared of sharks anymore and he could enjoy swimming in the ocean again.Henry was a little boy. One day, Henry saw a square in the sky. It was a big, gloomy square. Henry wanted to find out what it was, so he ran to it. When he got there, Henry saw a dark creature. It was very tall, with two wings. It was holding a beautiful box. It said it had to deliver the box to Henry. Henry was excited! But then suddenly the sky grew dark and the creature changed into a monster. It had sharp teeth and it growled. The monster snatched the box and flew away with it. Henry couldnt do anything. He was sad and scared. Henry never got the box, but he learned to never be too curious. He was careful never to go near gloomy squares again.Mike was a small boy with a big imagination. Every night before bed, he would think of the wildest adventures. One night, he had a nightmare. In the nightmare, an unknown creature chased him. Mike was so scared that he ran and ran until the sun came up and the nightmare disappeared. In his bedroom, he still felt scared. He wondered if the creature would ever come back. That night, Mike thought about the nightmare all night. He was afraid, but he was also brave. He decided to face his fear by going to the unknown place in his dream. He closed his eyes and stepped into the darkness. He felt a wave of courage wash over him. Finally, Mike was no longer afraid. He was excited to explore the unknown world.Once upon a time, there was a charming little girl named Lily. She had a pretty skirt that she loved to wear. It was her favorite skirt. Lily wanted to show her skirt to her best friend, Tim. One sunny day, Lily put on her pretty skirt and went to Tims house. Tim saw Lilys skirt and said, Wow, your skirt is so nice! Lily felt very happy that Tim liked her skirt. Lily and Tim played all day in the park, showing their friends the pretty skirt. Everyone thought Lilys skirt was very charming. At the end of the day, Lily and Tim went home, tired but happy. They had a great day showing off the pretty skirt.Once upon a time, there was a wide kitchen with a big table. A little girl named Lily and her mom liked to cook and eat in this kitchen. They made yummy food like cookies, cake, and pizza. One day, Lily and her mom made a big pizza. They put cheese, tomato, and pepperoni on it. Lily wanted to help, so she tried to tear the cheese into small pieces. Her mom smiled and helped her tear the cheese too. When the pizza was ready, they took it out of the oven. It smelled so good! Lily and her mom sat at the big table in the wide kitchen. They ate the pizza together and laughed. They were very happy and full.Once upon a time, in a small town, there lived a big skeleton. The skeleton was very icy and cold. He liked to turn around and dance all day. All the kids in the town were scared of him because he was so big and icy. One day, a little girl named Lily went up to the skeleton and said, Hi, Mr. Skeleton! Why are you so icy and cold? The skeleton looked at her and said, I dont know, little girl. I have always been like this. Lily thought for a moment and said, Do you want to be warm and happy like me? The skeleton nodded his head. So, Lily held the skeletons hand and they danced together. As they danced, the skeleton started to feel warm and happy. He was not icy anymore. The other kids saw this and they all joined in the dance. From that day on, the big skeleton was not icy and cold anymore. He was warm and happy because he had friends to dance with. The kids in the town were not scared of him anymore. They all learned that even someone who looks scary can be a good friend if you give them a chance.Mia was a threeyearold girl who had very beautiful, long, white hair. Her parents always made sure she combed her hair every day before going to bed. She enjoyed it very much, especially when the shiny teeth of the comb caught the light of the stars when it went through her hair. One day, Mia asked her dad Why do I need to comb my hair? Is it because you care about me? Her dad smiled and said Yes, of course! I care about you very much, so thats why I want you to brush your hair. We want it to be clean and healthy. Thats why we comb it. Mia smiled and said Okay, I will always comb my hair if it shows you care. From that day on, Mia combed her beautiful, white hair every day. With her dads help, she was always happy and her hair was always healthy and shining. With her dadâs care, Mia and her hair were happy and healthy!One day, a thin cat named Tom went for a walk. He met a big dog named Sam. Tom wanted to be friends with Sam. So, Tom thought of a joke to tell Sam. Tom said, Why did the cat sit on the mat? Because he didnt want to be fat! Sam laughed at the joke. They both liked the story. They played together all day. At the end of the day, Tom and Sam were tired. They sat under a big tree. Tom said, I am happy we are friends. Sam nodded and said, Me too, Tom. Your joke was fun. They smiled and knew they would be friends forever.Tom and Sam were brothers. They liked to play in the kitchen. They found a big pan on the stove. Tom wanted to bang the pan with a spoon. Sam wanted to wear the pan as a hat. Give me the pan! Tom said. I want to make noise! No, give me the pan! Sam said. I want to be a king! They pulled the pan from each other. The pan was heavy and slippery. It fell on the floor with a loud clang. The noise made their mom come to the kitchen. What are you doing? Mom asked. Why are you fighting over the pan? Tom and Sam looked at each other. They felt sorry. They did not want to make mom angry. We were playing, Tom said. We were having fun, Sam said. Mom smiled. She picked up the pan and hugged the boys. Im glad you were playing and having fun, Mom said. But the pan does not belong to you. It belongs to me. I use it to cook yummy food for you. Do you want to help me cook? Tom and Sam nodded. They liked to help mom cook. They followed her to the counter. Mom gave them each a bowl and a spoon. She showed them how to mix flour and eggs and milk. They made a batter for pancakes. Good job, boys! Mom said. You are very successful cooks! Tom and Sam smiled. They were happy. They did not need the pan to play. They had mom and each other. They belonged to a family.Once upon a time, there was a bossy baby named Joe. He was happy and smiley all the time. Joe was playing in the playground when he fell and got a little cut. He started to cry. His mommy came running to give him a big hug and kiss. Joe felt lots better after his mom gave him a kiss on his cheek. The next day, Joe was running in the park, but he fell again and hurt himself. He was sad and started to cry. His mom was there to give him lots of love and kisses. She kissed him all over his head and face. Joe laughed and smiled. He felt much better now. The summer came, and Joe wanted to go to the beach. But the water was too deep. Joe started to cry, again. His mommy came and gave him lots of kisses and a big hug. He felt much better. Joe is a very happy baby now. Whenever he gets sad or hurt, his mommy is always ready with lots of hugs and kisses. He loves it when his mommy kisses him.Jack was looking for something to do. He walked around his garden and saw a gate. It was brilliant! He stuck his hands through the gate and felt something in there. He opened the gate and saw a basket full of apples. Jack was so excited. He shouted out, Mom, Mom, look what I found! His Mom came over and saw the basket. Jack, it looks like some animals have been eating the apples in the garden. Im glad you found this basket before they could eat all of them! Jacks Mom opened the gate and took the basket of apples to the kitchen. She smiled at Jack and said, Lets make some apple pie. It will be brilliant! Jack nodded in agreement. After they made the pie, Jack and his Mom sat down to eat. Jack enjoyed the sweet taste of the pie. He looked out of the window and smiled. He thought to himself, Never underestimate the power of a gate!Once there was a happy little boy named Billy. Every day, he liked to jump around and have lots of fun. One day, he saw something that made him very happy. It was a big lemon! Billy wanted to get the lemon, so he jumped as high as he could. He jumped so high that he touched the top of the lemon tree. He was so proud of himself. Billy couldnt wait to show off his lemon to his friends. It was so big and yellow! Everyone was surprised to see it, and it soon became very popular. Billy enjoyed his lemon so much that hed jump up and down with excitement. He was very proud that everyone wanted to see his lemon. From then on, he was known as the boy with the very popular lemon.Tom and Mia were playing in the woods. They liked to pretend they were brave hunters. They had sticks for spears and leaves for hats. They ran and jumped and laughed. But then they heard a loud howl. It came from behind a big rock. Tom and Mia stopped and looked at each other. They felt scared. What is that? Mia whispered. Maybe it is a wolf, Tom said. Wolves are big and bad. They have sharp teeth and claws. They like to eat hunters. Mia nodded. She wanted to go back home. She tugged on Toms hand. Lets go, Tom. The wolf might find us. But Tom was stubborn. He wanted to see the wolf. He wanted to be brave. He shook off Mias hand. No, Mia. I want to see the wolf. Maybe I can scare it away with my spear. You stay here. I will go and look. Mia did not understand. She did not want to stay alone. She did not want Tom to go. She tried to stop him. No, Tom. Dont go. The wolf might hurt you. Please, Tom. Come with me. But Tom did not listen. He ran to the big rock. He peeked behind it. He saw a big, black wolf. The wolf saw him too. It growled and bared its teeth. It jumped at Tom. Tom screamed. He dropped his stick. He turned and ran. He ran back to Mia. He grabbed her hand. He said, Mia, you were right. The wolf is big and bad. Lets go home. I am sorry I was stubborn. Mia hugged him. She said, Its okay, Tom. I am glad you are safe. Lets go home. Maybe we can play something else tomorrow. They ran out of the woods. They did not look back. They did not hear the wolf howl again.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim loved to play and discover new things. One day, he found a candle in a box. Tim showed the candle to his mom. Look, Mom! I found a candle! he said. His mom smiled and said, Great job, Tim! That candle can give us light when it is dark. That night, Tim wanted to use the candle. He asked his mom, Can we use the candle now? His mom said, Yes, but be careful. The fire can be hot. Tim felt a little embarrassed because he did not know that. Tim and his mom lit the candle together. They watched the candle glow in the dark. Tim felt happy that he discovered the candle. They had a cozy night with the candles light.The sun was high in the sky and the day was hot. Suddenly, it started to rain. The drops of rain were big and heavy. Emily looked up at the sky, excitedly. She opened her mouth and let the raindrops hit her tongue. They tasted cool and sweet. Next, Emily went outside and saw a puddle of orange water. She smiled and went closer. She picked up a small dish and scooped up some of the water. She played with it, making figures in the mud. The rain stopped, but Emily stayed outside. She played with her dish of orange water, until it disappeared in the sun. Emily was happy and covered in mud. But she also had a big smile on her face. She knew that it would rain again soon.Once upon a time, there was a grumpy old man who lived in a hotel. He didnt like to see any children and he always said Go away! when they visited. One day, a little girl named Lily was exploring the hotel grounds and she dropped her teddy bear in the hotel garden. She began to cry. The grumpy man heard her cries and he could not ignore them. He bet down and looked around until he found the teddy bear. Then he walked outside, picked it up and handed it to Lily. Lily thanked him with a big smile and he couldnt help but smile back. The grumpy man realised that being grumpy was unnecessary. From then on, he started to welcome the children in the hotel and make them feel special.Once upon a time, there was a big tree with deep roots. The tree was very happy because it had many friends. One day, a big storm came and the wind blew very hard. Some of the trees friends fell down, but the tree remained strong because of its deep roots. The tree was very sad that its friends were gone, but it knew that they were still there in the ground. The trees roots went deep into the dirt to find its friends roots. The tree was happy to find that its friends roots were still there and they were still alive. From that day on, the tree and its friends remained together and grew even stronger. The tree was very proud of its deep roots because they helped it to stay strong and keep its friends safe. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She was playing in her room when she saw a lot of dust on her toys. She didnt like it because it made her sneeze. So, she asked her mom to help her clean it up. Her mom said, Sure, its easy to clean up. Lets get a cloth and wipe it away. They both started cleaning the toys and Lily was happy because the dust was gone. After they finished, Lilys mom said, You did a great job, Lily! Lets applaud ourselves. They both clapped their hands and laughed. Lily said, Mom, can we go outside and play now? Her mom replied, Yes, lets go! Its a beautiful day. And off they went to play in the sunshine.Once upon a time, there was a funny little dog named Spot. Spot loved to play with his friends in the park. One day, Spot and his friend, a big cat named Whiskers, were playing when a mean dog came up to them. The mean dog started barking and growling at Spot and Whiskers. Spot was scared and didnt know what to do. Whiskers, being a brave cat, stepped in front of Spot and used his shield to protect him from the mean dog. Spot was so grateful to Whiskers for protecting him. Thank you, Whiskers! You really care about me, said Spot. Whiskers just smiled and said, Of course I do, Spot. Youre my friend and Ill always protect you. From that day on, Spot and Whiskers were even better friends and always had fun playing together in the park.Once upon a time there was a nosy chair. Every day the chair would look out of the window and watch the people go by. One day the chair saw something interesting. It was a box! The box had a label on it that said To Chair. Surprised, the chair wondered, who would send something to it? The chair opened the box and found something inside. It was a toy! A nice nosy toy that looked like the chair. The chair was so happy and played with the toy all day. The chair and the toy decided to thank the sender of the box. So, the chair got a piece of paper, wrote a thank you note and put it in an envelope. Then the chair sent the envelope off. The chair waited and waited, but no one ever came to collect the letter. However, the chair did not mind and kept playing with the toy. The chair and the toy were always nosy and they had great fun together.Jimbo was excited, he was going to the library show today. He had his library card and his friend Lisa was helping him prepare. They arrived at the library and the bell rang. Lisa and Jimbo put their things away and they went to their show. The show was full of exciting books, stories and activities. Lisa was very helpful as she taught Jimbo about all the different books available. Jimbo really enjoyed the show and went home with lots of reading materials for himself. He thanked Lisa for her help, and off they went, both looking forward to future visits to the library.Once upon a time, there was a girl called Lucy. She was 3 years old and loved to explore. One day, she went for a walk and saw a big tree with a branch swinging in the wind. She looked at the branch and smiled. Then she reached up her hand and gently touched it. Hello! said a voice. Lucy looked up and saw a bird sitting on the branch. Hi. said Lucy. What are you doing here? asked the bird. Exploring, said Lucy. The bird nodded his head, then flew away. Lucy watched him go. She looked around and saw more things to explore. She smiled and started walking. As she walked, she heard a noise. It was a sound like a normal bird. Lucy looked around and saw a small bird. It was hopping around on the ground. Hi, said Lucy. The bird stopped hopping and looked up at her. It nodded its head before flying away. Lucy smiled and waved goodbye. Then she went back to exploring the world.Once upon a time there was a hunter. He was an important hunter because he organized all the animals in the forest. One day, he came to the forest and found a curious rabbit. The hunter said Hello there. What are you doing? The rabbit answered Im organizing flowers and leaves. Its important to keep the forest clean and neat. The hunter was very impressed. He thanked the rabbit for his hard work and said You are very important. Keep up the good work! The rabbit nodded and continued to work. The hunter thought to himself This rabbit is really special. He keeps the forest safe and organized! The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl who loved to play. One day, she decided to go explore the park. As she walked, she saw a model. She wanted to catch it, so she reached out and grabbed it with both hands. When she held the model in her hands, she saw that it was an original. It had never been played with before! She liked it so much that she decided to take it home with her. Back in her room, the little girl spent hours playing with the model. She pretended that it was a boat, then a train, and then a spaceship. She loved it so much and it made her very happy. The end!Once there was a shy little girl named Annie. Annie liked to design things with paper and crayons. One day, she came up with a very special design in her brain. She wanted to make it real, so she asked her mom for help. Annies mom smiled and said, Lets make it! Annie was so excited that she ran to the living room to find Ribbon, colored paper, and crayons. Annie carefully designed the special thing that was in her brain and decided to make a robot. She used Ribbon to make the legs and arms, colored paper to make the body, and the crayons to give it a bright, colorful face. When she was done, she proudly showed it to her mom. Her mom clapped and said, Thats so creative! I love it! Annie was so happy, she gave her robot a big hug. From then on, Annie and her robot were very close friends.Bob and Tim were playing together in the park on Tuesday. Tim played with a stick but Bob didnt like it. Bob said to Tim, Lets make a joke! Tim smiled and said, Ok! But when Tim made the joke, Bob didnt find it funny and he became embarrassed. Bob turned away from Tim and said, I dont want to be your friend any more. Tim was sad and he started to cry. Bob left the park and Tim was still there, all alone. It was a sad day for Tim as he didnt understand why his friend was embarrassed.Once upon a time, there was a dad and a daughter. Dad was in the garden and his daughter wanted to help him, so she asked him if she could use his pin. Dad said no, but the little girl was determined. She reached out to take the pin but dad quickly smacked her hand away. No! he said. The little girl was fearful but she reached out to take the pin again. She picked up the pin and held it in her hand. Dad saw her and he ran towards her, but it was too late. The pin was already in her hand. The little girl looked up at her dad, expecting to be punished. Instead, dads face changed. He looked sad and he gently took the pin from her hand. As he did, the pin accidentally pricked the little girls thumb and she screamed in pain. The next morning, dad rushed her to the hospital. The doctor told him that the little girl had been infected by a virus. Dad was very upset and wished he had been more careful. Sadly, the virus was too powerful for the little girl and she passed away several days later. Dad was devastated and buried her in the garden, close to where the pin had been.Lily was a flower girl at her aunts wedding. She wore a pretty dress and a veil on her head. She felt like a princess. She was eager to walk down the aisle and throw petals. But it was a rainy day. The sky was gray and wet. Lily was sad. She did not want her dress and veil to get wet. She wanted to stay inside and play. Her mom saw her frown. She hugged her and said, Dont worry, Lily. The rain will stop soon. And even if it doesnt, you can still be a beautiful flower girl. Your dress and veil are made of special fabric. They will not get wet. They will stay dry. Lily looked at her mom. She smiled. She trusted her mom. She said, Okay, mom. I will be a brave flower girl. I will walk down the aisle and throw petals. I will make aunt happy. The rain did stop. The sun came out. Lily walked down the aisle and threw petals. She saw her aunt in a white dress and a long veil. She looked like a fairy. Lily was happy. She waved at her aunt and said, I love you, aunt. You are the prettiest bride ever.Once upon a time, there was a shy goose. The goose lived near a big pond. The goose had many friends, but it was always too shy to talk to them. One day, a duck came to the pond. The duck said, Hi, shy goose! I am new here. Can you provide me some food? The shy goose wanted to help the duck, but it was too shy to say anything. The shy goose thought for a moment and then went to find some food. It found some yummy grass and gave it to the duck. The duck said, Thank you, shy goose! You are a good friend. The shy goose felt happy and not so shy anymore.Once upon a time there were two friends, Jack and Dan, who both loved to bake. They were very competitive and wanted to be the best baker. One day, Dan wanted to make the most delicious pastry. He asked Jack for help, but Jack said no. He wanted to do it alone. So Dan decided to try making the pastry by himself. He mixed all the ingredients together, but something was wrong and he couldnt figure out what it was. Jack came over and said, I can fix it. Let me help you. But Dan replied, No way! I can do it myself. Jack shook his head, but he gave Dan an idea. Dan tried it and the pastry came out perfectly! In the end, Dan and Jack were both happy that they worked together to make the best pastry ever. They learned that teamwork and helping each other is the best way to be the most competitive and successful bakers.Once there were two friends, Kyla and Adam. They were both only three years old. They both wanted to have some fun, so they decided to play. They had two small red balls. They decided to play catch with the balls. Kyla threw the ball to Adam, who caught it and smiled. Adam then threw the ball back to Kyla. She caught it and giggled. They both continued to throw and catch the balls like this. Every time one caught the ball, they both smiled. Kyla said, Lets play a new game! Adam was very excited, and said, Yes, lets play! Kyla said she would provide the fun and the two started their new game. They used some blocks to build a small house. Kyla said, Lets pretend that the small house is ours! So they both pretended it was their house and played all sorts of fun games. They pretended they were cooking in the kitchen, they played hide and seek in their house. When they were done playing, they were both happy and had a lot of fun. Kyla thanked Adam for providing the fun and Adam thanked Kyla for the same. They hugged each other and promised to do it again soon.Once upon a time, there was a silly goose named Gigi. Gigi was very crazy and loved to perform for her friends. She would dance and sing and make everyone laugh. One day, Gigi decided to go on an adventure. She wanted to explore the big, wide world outside of her farm. She waddled and quacked her way through the fields until she reached a pond. There, she met some new goose friends who were also very silly. They performed a silly dance together and had a lot of fun. Gigi realized that she didnt have to be alone to perform and have fun. She could make new friends and have adventures with them too.Mum got a delicious screw from the shop. She brought it home and put it in the cupboard. Jack saw he mum get the screw and asked for one. Mum said yes, so she gave Jack a delicious screw too. He was so happy. Jack picked up the screw and played with it. He used it to get things from the cupboard. He opened the cupboard and got out his favourite toy. Mum saw Jack playing with the screw and said he was being very clever. She smiled as Jack proudly showed her the thing hed got out of the cupboard. They both smiled and played together with the screw and the toy. It was a fun and delicious day!Once upon a time, there was a tiny girl. She had the most beautiful eyes in the world and she was so curious about the world. One day, she heard a strange noise in the forest. She decided to search for the noise because it sounded really curious to her. When she arrived in the forest, she saw her best friend John running away from a cloud of smoke. She was so envious that he found something fun. John saw the little girl and shouted, Help me! There is something chasing me! The little girl bravely stepped forward and started searching for the smoke. After a few minutes of searching, she saw a tiny dragon! It was the source of the smoke. The dragon was so friendly that the little girl and John quickly became friends. Since then, they often play together in the forest, happy and safe.Lily and Max are twins. They like to play with machines. They have cars, trains, robots and planes. They make noises and move them around. One day, they find a big machine in the garage. It is shiny and has buttons and wheels. They want to play with it. Look, Max, a new machine! Lily says. Lets see what it does. No, Lily, I saw it first. It is mine! Max says. He pushes Lily away and climbs on the machine. Lily is sad and angry. She wants to play too. She thinks Max is not fair. She pulls his leg and tries to make him fall. Stop, Lily, you are hurting me! Max shouts. He kicks Lily and holds on to the machine. They fight and cry. They are very competitive. They do not share. Dad hears the noise and comes to the garage. He sees Lily and Max on the machine. He is surprised and worried. What are you doing, kids? he asks. This is not a toy. This is a lawn mower. It is dangerous. You could get hurt. He lifts them off the machine and hugs them. He explains that the machine is for cutting grass, not for playing. He tells them to be careful and to be nice to each other. Lily and Max are sorry. They say sorry to Dad and to each other. They hug and make up. They decide to play with their own machines. They share and take turns. They have fun and laugh. They are happy.There was a little boy who was walking along one sunny day. He saw something that made him very excited. He quickly ran over and saw a big box with a giant button on the top. He looked inside and saw a scale. The scale was very impressive with lots of bright colors and lights. He couldnt help himself and pushed the button. A voice said, Welcome, Im a magical store. What do you want to buy? The little boy thought for a moment and said, I want to buy the scale. Unfortunately, the voice said, Unfortunately, I cannot do that. You need money and you dont have any money. So, sorry, but no scale for you. Goodbye. The little boy was so sad and started to cry because he really wanted that scale. The end.Once there were two friends, Tom and Jill. They were both 3 years old. One day they decided to play in the park. When Tom and Jill arrived at the park, Tom started running around the playground. Jill stayed by Toms side. Suddenly, Tom heard someone calling his name. It was a boy from school. The boy asked if Tom wanted to play. Tom looked at Jill. He asked her if they should go and play with the boy. Jill said yes and they went to the other side of the park where the boy was. The boy was being very rude to Tom and Jill. Tom asked the boy to behave nicely. The boy didnt listen and continued to be rude. Tom was very angry so he turned to Jill and said, Lets go home. We dont want to stay with this rude boy. Jill and Tom said goodbye to the boy and left the park. Tom and Jill vowed to never play with the rude boy again.Sara and her family moved to a new house. They drove a long time in their big automobile. Sara was tired and bored. She wanted to play with her toys and see her friends. When they got to the new house, Sara saw a lot of boxes. Her mom and dad said they had to unpack them. Sara did not like unpacking. It was hard and boring. She wanted to play with her toys and see her friends. Sara saw a box with her name on it. She opened it and found her favorite doll, Lily. She hugged Lily and smiled. She was happy to see her. She wanted to play with her and see her friends. Sara saw a girl next door. She was about her age and had curly hair. She was playing with a ball. Sara wanted to play with her and see her friends. Sara asked her mom if she could go and say hi. Her mom said yes, but be careful and polite. Sara took Lily and ran to the girl. She said hi and asked her name. The girl said her name was Mia. She smiled and asked Sara if she wanted to play. Sara said yes and thanked her. Mia was compassionate. She shared her ball and played with Lily. Sara was happy. She made a new friend. She still wanted to see her old friends, but she felt better. She liked her new house. She liked unpacking.Once there was a little girl named Sally. She was very eager to go see the big city. One day Sallys mom and dad took her to the city. It was really cool! The first thing Sally saw was a big hill with a park on top. She wanted to roll downhill on the grass. So Sally ran up the hill and rolled down it over and over until she was tired. It was so much fun! Next, they went to the city center. Sally could see all the tall buildings and the busy streets. She liked to see all the different people. Sallys parents bought her an ice cream and she ate it while strolling through the city. Sally was so happy to be in the city. She waved at all the passersby and smiled. The day was so nice and the city was so exciting. When it was time to go home, Sally said goodbye to the city with a big smile on her face. She was already eager to come back and roll down the big hill again!One day, Alex went to the park. He hopped out of his car. He felt so excited! When he arrived at the park, he saw people making dough. Alex wanted to join them, so he jumped and hopped over to them. Can I help make the dough too?, Alex asked. Sure, said one of the people. Alex rolled the dough with his hands. He could feel the dough getting icy cold. After a while, everyone started to make pizzas with the dough. Alex hopped around, laughing with delight. He was so happy to be part of the pizzamaking. When the pizza was finished, Alex smiled. He had a lot of fun!Lily and Ben were playing in the park with their ball. They had a lot of fun, but they also got very tired. They saw the sun go down in the sky and make pretty colors. That was the sunset. Lets go home, Lily, Ben said. Its getting dark and cold. OK, Ben, Lily said. But can we take the ball with us? Sure, Lily, Ben said. But we have to be careful. The park is empty now. There are no other kids or grownups here. They picked up the ball and started to walk to the gate. They heard a loud noise behind them. It sounded like a big dog. They turned around and saw a big, black dog running towards them. It had sharp teeth and angry eyes. Lily and Ben were scared. They dropped the ball and ran to the gate. They hoped the dog would not catch them. They yawned as they ran. They were very tired and wanted to go home. They reached the gate and opened it. They ran out of the park and saw their mom waiting for them. She had a big smile and a warm hug. Mom, mom, were here! Lily and Ben shouted. There was a big, scary dog in the park! Oh, no, my sweeties, Mom said. Im sorry you had a fright. But dont worry, the dog cant hurt you now. Youre safe with me. She took their hands and walked them home. She gave them some milk and cookies and tucked them in bed. She kissed them goodnight and turned off the light. Lily and Ben snuggled under the covers. They felt happy and safe. They closed their eyes and fell asleep. They dreamed of the sunset and the ball and the park. But not of the dog.Once there was a little girl named Jane. She liked to sell things. One day she had a good idea. She decided to sell the heat from the sun! Jane went outside and sat in the sun. It was quiet. The heat was so pleasant. Jane decided to sell it. She began running around the neighbourhood yelling Heat for sale! Get your heat here! Everyone was very surprised. One by one, people started buying the heat from Jane. They put some money in her hands, and Jane gave them some of the heat. Soon all the heat was gone. Jane was very happy with all the money she made. And she was glad to help make everyone elses day a bit warmer and brighter.Once upon a time there lived a boy called Tom. Tom was very curious, and loved to test things out. He was a bit clumsy but this only made him more lovable. One day, his parents were planning an event. Tom asked What is an event?. His parents explained it was a special thing which would happen soon. Can I test it out? asked Tom. His parents smiled and said Yes, of course you can test it. So, the day for the event came. Toms parents had been preparing for days. Tom remembered his mom had said the event would be special. But when he saw the event finally happening he became so excited he started to test it out. He was clumsy, and things kept falling but he kept on trying to test it. Finally, Toms parents realized what he was doing and said Youve been testing out this event, Tom! Its very special to us. Tom smiled and said Its pretty special to me too!Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play outside in the rain, even though his mommy warned him not to. One day, Timmy went outside to play and got all wet in the rain. When he went back inside, his mommy saw him and asked him if he had listened to her warning. Timmy felt guilty and said he was sorry. His mommy told him that it was okay to play in the rain, but he needed to wear his raincoat and boots so he wouldnt get too wet. Timmy promised to listen to his mommys warnings from now on and to always wear his raincoat and boots when he played outside in the rain. And they lived happily ever after. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to ride his bike with his shiny red wheels. One day, Timmys mom told him it was time to come inside for dinner, but Timmy insisted on riding his bike for just a few more minutes. As Timmy rode around, he noticed that his wheels were getting dull and not as shiny as they used to be. He didnt want to stop riding, so he kept going. Suddenly, Timmy hit a rock and his wheel broke. Timmy fell off his bike and hurt himself really badly. His mom heard the noise and came outside to see what happened. She was sad to see Timmy hurt and his bike broken. Timmy learned that sometimes its important to listen to your parents and take care of your things, or else something bad might happen.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play dressup and put on different outfits. One day, she found a pretty bow and wanted to wear it in her hair. But the bow kept falling out. Lilys mom came in and saw her struggling. Let me help you, she said. She took the bow and attached it to a clip. Now it will stay in your hair, she said. Lily was so happy and said, Mommy, youre so good at fashion! Her mom smiled and said, I just know how to make things regular so they work properly. From that day on, Lily wore her bow every day and it never fell out again.Ben and Lily were playing in the park. They saw a big tree with shiny things on it. They wanted to see what they were. Look, Lily, jewels! Ben said. Lets climb the tree and get them. OK, Ben, but be careful, Lily said. They climbed the tree and reached for the jewels. They were incredible. They sparkled and glowed in the sun. But the jewels were not real. They were made of glass and plastic. They were part of a decoration for a party. The tree was not strong. It could not hold Ben and Lily. The tree branch broke. Ben and Lily fell. They screamed. They hit the ground. They were hurt. They cried. A man came running. He was angry. He was the owner of the jewels. He saw Ben and Lily on the ground. He saw his jewels broken and scattered. What have you done? he yelled. You ruined my jewels! You are bad children! You have to pay for this! Ben and Lily were scared. They did not have any money. They did not know what to do. They wished they had never climbed the tree. They wished they had never seen the jewels. They wished they had stayed on the ground.Once there was a girl named Mia. She wanted something nice to eat, so she went to the restaurant with her parents. When they arrived, the waiter offered them a menu. They looked at it and chose the foods that sounded delicious. Mia wanted french fries and a cheeseburger for her lunch. But she also wanted something special. So she asked her mom, who offered her a milkshake. She was so excited and couldnt wait to try it. Mia always remembered to be careful. She always asked for a straw when the milkshake was brought to the table. But one day, she was a bit careless. Suddenly the milkshake was all over the table, and Mias mom had to clean it up. Mia felt bad and learned to always be extra careful.Once upon a time, in a small town, there was a boy named Tim. Tim had a toy named Mr. Cable. Mr. Cable was a harmless toy made of soft, bendy cables. Tim loved Mr. Cable and played with him every day. One sunny day, Tim took Mr. Cable to the park. While playing, Tim met a girl named Sue. Sue had a toy named Miss String. Miss String was also a harmless toy, made of soft, colorful strings. Tim and Sue decided to unite their toys and play together. Lets make a big fun game! said Tim. Yes, lets unite Mr. Cable and Miss String and see what we can make! replied Sue. They twisted and turned Mr. Cable and Miss String together, making a big, soft ball. Tim and Sue played with their new toy all day, laughing and having fun. They became the best of friends, and Mr. Cable and Miss String stayed united forever.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside and watch the pretty colors in the sky when the sun went down. That was called a sunset. One day, Lilys mom made her a yummy snack. It was a big, juicy apple. Lily took a bite and it tasted so good! She loved the way it tasted. Later that day, Lily and her mom went on a walk. They saw some birds flying in the sky and some flowers growing in the grass. Lily thought it was all so crazy and fun. As the sun started to go down, Lily and her mom sat on a bench and watched the sunset. It was so beautiful with all the colors in the sky. Lily thought it was the best day ever!Bertie and Ellie were best friends. They lived next door to each other and were the same age of three. Every day they would talk and play together. Bertie loved to race around the garden. He often told Ellie about how fast he could run. One day, when Bertie and Ellie were outside playing with each other, a huge truck drove by. The truck was going so fast it sounded like a roar! Oh wow, Bertie said. That truck was going so fast! That was so cool! Ellie said. It was really huge! Bertie and Ellie laughed and kept talking about the truck for the rest of the day. They thought it was so amazing and so fun to see. Their friendship was so strong, they could talk about anything together!Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. He loved watching television every day. He would watch cartoons and movies all the time. But one day, his TV broke and he was sad. Timmys dad said they could buy a new TV, but Timmy wanted the original one fixed. He didnt want a new one. His dad told him they could try to fix it, but they might not be able to. Timmy learned that sometimes things break and cant be fixed. He was sad, but he also learned that its okay to let go of things and move on. Even though he missed his old TV, he was excited to learn and watch new things on a new TV.Once upon a time, there was a beautiful swan. She loved to swim in the clean pond. One day, a little girl came to the pond to see the swan. The swan was shy and hid behind some reeds. The little girl wanted to see the swan, so she waited patiently. After a while, the swan came out from behind the reeds and revealed herself to the little girl. The little girl was so happy to see the swan up close. The swan was very clean and her feathers were shiny. The little girl wanted to touch the swan, but she was afraid. The swan was gentle and came closer to the little girl. The little girl reached out and touched the swans soft feathers. It was a magical moment.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, Lily was playing outside when she found a weird rock. She picked it up and showed it to her friend, Tommy. Tommy said, Thats a cool rock! Can I have it? Lily replied, Sure, you can have it. Tommy took the rock and said, Thank you, Lily! Youre a good friend. Lily felt happy and peaceful inside because she knew that being kind to others was the right thing to do. She learned that finding peace in her heart was more important than keeping a weird rock.Jake was very frightened. He was only three years old and had just moved into a strange house. Everywhere he looked in his new home, he felt scared. But then he spotted something he recognized. It was his old crib from his house before! Jake knew that if he lay down in it, he would feel safe. So he climbed inside the crib and lay down. Jake was snuggled up with his favourite teddy and he wasnt so scared anymore. He knew he could always go back to his crib if he ever felt frightened again.Lila and Tom were on a big boat with their mom and dad. They were going to an island for a holiday. Lila liked to look at the water and the fish. Tom liked to play with his toy cars and make them speed on the deck. Look, Tom, there is the island! Lila said, pointing to a green spot in the distance. It has palm trees and sand and shells. Maybe we can find some treasure there! Tom put down his cars and looked at the island. He smiled and said, Yes, Lila, maybe we can. But we have to be careful. Some shells are delicate and can break easily. And some treasure can be hidden and hard to find. We have to use our eyes and our hands and our brains. Lila nodded and said, OK, Tom, we will be careful. But we will also have fun. I cant wait to get to the island and explore! The boat got closer and closer to the island. Lila and Tom ran to the front and waved to the people on the shore. Their mom and dad followed them and held their hands. They were happy and excited to start their island adventure.Once upon a time there was a chubby old man. He was very kind and always had a smile on his face. One day, he was walking along a path when he saw a very sad looking apple. It was all brown and rotted. The old man shook his head and said, âœOh, that poor apple.â He went on his way, but he couldnât stop thinking about the poor old apple. He decided that he must help. So he went home and got some news. He came back with the news and planted it around the apple. Soon enough, the news grew and the old apple stopped looking so brown and rotted. The old man smiled and said, âœAh, now you look better!â The old man was so happy that he shared the good news with everyone he met. He told them, âœThe old apple is happy again! I replanted it with good news and now itâs looking chubby and green again!â Everyone was so excited and spread the news to everyone they knew. From that day on, the old man was known as the âœGood News Manâ!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with cards. She had a charming deck of cards that she would always carry with her. One day, she met a boy named Jack who also loved cards. Can I join you? Jack asked. Yes, you can! Lily replied. The two of them played cards together and had a lot of fun. But then, Jack got very angry when he lost a game. He grabbed Lilys charming deck of cards and tore them all up. Lily was very sad and cried. She learned that sometimes its not safe to join with others who might not be kind.Alice was in the park with her friends. They were playing a game they called a quiz. All the children had to circle around Alice, who was in the middle. Alice had to say something, and the other children had to remember it. Then she would ask them to repeat it. The children tried their best to remember the words. Alice was very happy when they said the words correctly. She smiled and said, Well done! Everyone joined in and applauded her. Alice was happy and felt very light in her heart. She was proud of all the other children for doing such a good job. Everyone applauded each other again and had a great time in the park.Once upon a time, there was a tough cow. He was carrying a napkin in his mouth. He was so proud of himself and he wanted to be the strongest cow in the world. One day, the cow decided to walk to a nearby farm. He thought hed have some fun there. When he got to the farm, he tried to find something he could lift, but everything seemed too heavy for him. Then he saw a big rock. He tried to lift it, but it was too tough for him. Suddenly, he remembered the napkin he was carrying in his mouth. He put it over the rock and started to push with all his might. Finally, the rock started to move. He was so proud that he could move something so heavy. The other cows in the farm were happy too! They clapped and cheered for the tough cow. From then on, the cow was the strongest cow in the world and the other cows respected him. He would always carry his napkin with him and it reminded the other cows of the tough cow who could carry anything.Once there was a selfish bird. It loved to fly fast and speed in the sky. All the other birds wanted to play with it, but it was too fast. The others wanted to feel the wind against their feathers and the sun on their backs, but the selfish bird always flew off. One day, the birds decided to try a different approach. They gathered all their feathers and flew in the same direction. This time, the selfish bird flew with them. Everyone flapped their wings and felt the same texture and excitement. The birds flew faster and faster, and laughed and sang as they went. It was like theyd broken a spell! Even the selfish bird was happy to fly with the others. From then on, they flew together, enjoying the thrill of speed.Once upon a time, there was a little boy. He was only three years old. Every day, he would go to a room. It was the same room, and it was very boring. He would sit in the room and not do much. But one day, the boy started to pause. He didnt do anything, he just stopped. He stared around the room and wondered why it was so boring. He wanted something new and fun. Then suddenly, he had an idea! He would play a game. He started to move around the room, jumping and singing and having fun. His boredom was gone. The little boy had a great time, and he never forgot this day. He learned that you dont have to stay bored, even if you are in the same room all the time.Once upon a time, there was a family that lived in a tall building. Every morning, the family would get into the elevator, which was a calm and peaceful place. One day, the little girl noticed a strange noise coming from the elevator. It sounded like a buzzing. Mom, the elevator makes a funny noise, she said. Her mother smiled and said, Lets find out what it is. They got out of the elevator and opened the panel on the wall. Inside, there was a busy bee trying to get out. She carefully reached in and carefully set it free. The bee flew away and the family watched it go. They felt calm as they watched it settle in the trees outside. Then they got back into the elevator and continued their ride. Now the elevator was extra peaceful.Once upon a time, there was a little bunny named Benny. Benny loved to play outside in the wild fields. One day, Benny saw a pretty flower called a poppy. He wanted to pick it, but it was too high for him to reach. Benny tried to jump, but he couldnt get it. Suddenly, Benny heard a loud noise and saw a big scary bird. Benny was scared and wanted to escape. He ran as fast as he could and finally found a safe place to hide. Benny was happy to be safe and decided to never pick a poppy again.Once upon a time, there was a goose who liked to visit the park. But the park was too rough for the goose to go by himself. So the goose thought of a plan. He asked some children to come and play with him. He invited them to come and play in the park. The children were so excited to meet the goose! They all ran to the park together. In the park, they had so much fun! They played tag and chased the goose around. The goose had never felt so happy before! But then, it started to get darker. The children had to go home. But before they left, they invited the goose to come and play again the next day. The goose was very happy and nodded his head. The next day, the children and goose met up again. They ran and laughed in the park all day. The goose was so happy and the children had lots of fun too!Once upon a time, there was a box of crayons. The crayons were very organized. They were all in a row, like a rainbow. The crayons liked to color pictures for kids. They were happy when kids used them. One day, a new crayon came to the box. The new crayon did not have a name. The other crayons wanted to help the new crayon. They all thought of a name for the new crayon. They picked a name that was fun and happy. The new crayon liked the name. The name was Sunshine. Sunshine was a pretty yellow color. Now, Sunshine could color pictures with the other crayons. They all had fun together. And the kids loved the pictures they made.Once upon a time, there was a little bunny named Bun Bun. Bun Bun loved to dance in the meadow with her friends. One day, while dancing, she found a twig on the ground. She picked it up and showed it to her friends. Im scared of twigs, said her friend, a little mouse named Mousy. Dont be fearful, said Bun Bun. Its just a twig. See, I can dance with it. Bun Bun twirled and hopped with the twig in her hand. Mousy watched and then tried it too. She was no longer scared. From that day on, Mousy and Bun Bun danced with twigs every time they played in the meadow. They learned that sometimes things that seem scary at first are not so scary after all.Once upon a time, there was a dog named Max. Max loved to play in the yard. He would run and jump and chase his tail. But one day, Max felt sad. He didnt want to play anymore. He wanted to hide. Max looked around the yard for a good hiding spot. He saw a big bush and thought it would be perfect. He crawled under the bush and waited. He felt safe and hidden. After a few minutes, Max heard his owner calling his name. Max, where are you? Max didnt want to come out of his hiding spot. He felt too sad to play. But his owner found him and gave him a big hug. Max felt better knowing that he wasnt alone.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to draw with her crayons. She had a big box of crayons that she kept very tidy in her room. One day, Lily went outside to play. It was very cold outside and she started to shiver. She decided to go back inside to warm up. When she got back to her room, she saw that her little brother had made a big mess with her crayons. They were all over the floor and not tidy anymore. She felt a little bit upset, but she decided to clean them up and put them back in the box. After she finished cleaning up, she felt happy again. She decided to draw a picture of a cozy blanket to keep her warm when she went back outside to play. She used her favorite blue crayon to color in the blanket. It was a beautiful picture and she felt very proud of herself.Once upon a time, there were two friends named Timmy and Sally. They loved to play together and have lots of fun. One day, they decided to have a race to see who could run the fastest. It was a very competitive race, and they both wanted to win. As they were running, Timmy started to get tired and wanted to stop. Sally noticed this and decided to slow down a bit so that they could finish the race together. When they finally reached the finish line, they were both very happy and had lots of fun. After the race, they decided to go to the park and play on the swings. When it was time to go home, Sally said goodbye to Timmy and gave him a big hug. Timmy smiled and closed his eyes, feeling happy to have such a good friend.One day Grandma took Lila to the park. As they were walking around, Lila saw a beautiful hat. She asked Grandma if she could try it on. Grandma said yes and Lila put the hat on her head. As they continued on, Lila found a lot of different things like a frisbee, a bucket, and some stones. Then they came to a pond. Grandma said that they should look around. When Lila looked closely there was something shiny in the water! It was a beautiful hat! Lila smiled and said she hoped it was hers. Grandma said that it was very possible because she remembered that Lila was wearing a hat when they first arrived at the park. Lila quickly reached into the water and found the hat. Sure enough, it was her hat! Lila was so happy and gave Grandma a big hug. Grandma laughed and said that even when you lose something, you can always find it if you look hard enough.Once upon a time, there was a little town. In this town, there was a regular house. In this house, there lived a nice family. The family liked to play and have fun. They were happy. One day, the family saw some smoke. The smoke came from a big fire. The fire was near their house. They were scared. They wanted to settle somewhere safe. The family left their regular house. They went far away to find a new home. They found a new place to settle. There was no smoke or fire there. They built a new house. Now, they were safe and happy again.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Lucy. She loved to hide. One day, she wanted to find a new place to hide. She looked around her house and found an unknown place. It was a corner of her kitchen filled with jam. Everywhere she looked there was jam! She giggled and moved some of the jars aside. She crawled in and hid behind the jam jars. Lucy started to sing her favorite song as she looked around. Nothing in the corner was familiar. She found something that looked like a button in the corner. She touched it and a panel opened up! Inside, there was even more jam! Lucy couldnt believe how much jam she found. There were also some toys she had never seen before. She was so excited! She kept playing and having fun until her mom called her for dinner. When Lucy was finished eating, she went back to the corner and began to hide again. She played for hours, until finally it was time to go to bed. As she said goodnight and hugged her mom, she secretly smiled as she thought of her unknown hiding spot filled with jam.Once upon a time, in a small town, there was a big factory. The factory made toys for kids. One day, a toy named Tim wanted to be independent. He did not want to stay in the factory anymore. Tim said to his friend, Tom, Lets split from the factory and go on an adventure! Tom was scared but agreed to go with Tim. So, they left the factory when no one was looking and started their adventure outside. As they walked, they saw many new things. They saw trees, flowers, and even a big hill. Tim and Tom were happy to be independent and have fun together. They played and laughed all day. And from that day on, they were the best of friends.Once upon a time, there was a big bear. The big bear lived in a big cave. One day, the big bear went outside to play. The big bear saw a little rabbit. The little rabbit said, Hi big bear, can I have a hug? The big bear said, Yes, come here little rabbit! The little rabbit gave the big bear a big hug. The big bear was very happy. Then, the little rabbit said, Big bear, lets play tag! The big bear said, Okay, but Im going to rush and try to catch you! The little rabbit ran as fast as he could. The big bear chased after the little rabbit. They ran and ran until they were both very tired. Then, the big bear said, That was so much fun, lets do it again tomorrow! The little rabbit said, Yes, lets do it again tomorrow! And they went back to the big cave to rest.Once upon a time, there was a little chicken named Chirpy. Chirpy was a chubby chicken who loved to eat eggs. One day, Chirpy found a big egg. The egg was too big for Chirpy to sit on. Chirpy tried to sit on the egg, but it didnt fit. Chirpy asked her friends if they could help her. Her friends tried to sit on the egg too, but it still didnt fit. Chirpy was sad because she really wanted to hatch the egg. Suddenly, Chirpy had an idea. She asked her friends to push the egg into her nest. They all pushed and pushed until finally, the egg fit in Chirpys nest. Chirpy was so happy and she sat on the egg until it hatched into a cute little chick.Once upon a time there was a field. It was a nice, comfortable field with lots of grass and sunshine. One day, something special happened in the field. A group of animals came to play. First, two rabbits hopped around. Then, a fox ran in. Next, a squirrel showed up and then a bird flew in. The animals were happy and comfortable together in the field. They played tag, chased each other and ate yummy picnic food. But after a while, the animals knew it was time to go. They said goodbye and each animal went their separate way. The animals had a really fun time in the field, and they learned that itâs nice to be together.Once there were two friends, Jack and Jim. They both had one special thing in common, a strong desire for adventure. So one day the two friends decided to explore a maze together. To make sure they had lots of fun, Jack lent Jim a toy to take with them on their adventure. As the two friends carefully navigated the maze, Jim was very happy. Everywhere they went, his toy was bouncing around and making funny noises. Jack was always one step behind, watching and lending a hand when needed. The journey was full of twists and turns, but the two friends were finally able to find their way out. After such a strong adventure, they were exhausted and ready for a break. They were happy they got to explore the maze together!Bing and Bop were best friends. One day they decided to march to the park. Bing was excited and held Bops hand as they marched down the road. They hurried down the street, marching as fast as they could. Suddenly, they came to a huge tube. Bing hopped inside and laughed as he rolled around. Bop followed and the two of them rolled down the tube together. They laughed and giggled as they went around and around. Soon, Bing and Bop were outside again. Bing was very impatient and started to march faster. Bop tried to keep up, but he couldnt march quite as quickly. Finally, Bing and Bop arrived at the park. It was a wonderful day, filled with laughter and fun!Once upon a time there was an ancient vest. It was small and brown and had been passed down throughout generations. One day, a little girl found it. She was very curious and wanted to learn more about it. So she decided to record what she knew. First, she said the vest was brown. Then, she added that it was ancient. Finally, she added that it had been passed down. The girl was very excited and she took the vest everywhere with her. Everywhere she went, she would tell people about it. This way, she could make sure that the ancient vest was recorded for future generations. The end.The family was in a hurry to get ready for their vacation. It was time to pack the car. Dad opened the trunk. He looked inside and noticed it was empty. Thats strange, he said. He closed the trunk and opened the back door. He smiled when he saw the huge cell. Good, Dad said. We have plenty of room to pack all our things! Mom and the kids starting packing the car. They put the suitcases in the trunk and filled the cell with food and other items for the vacation. Dad smiled at how organized the packing was. But when the cell was full, Dad noticed something strange. He bent down and looked inside. What he saw made his eyes widen! It was a huge stuffed toy dog! Everyone burst into laughter. Someone must have snuck it in! Mom exclaimed. Dad smiled and shook his head. I guess this means someone will be getting a special surprise on our vacation! he said. Everyone was excited to see where the toy would end up on the trip.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved wearing his favorite red shirt every day. One day, Timmys mom washed his shirt and put it in the dryer. When she took it out, Timmys shirt was too small! Timmy was confused and sad because he couldnt wear his favorite shirt anymore. Later that day, Timmys mom took him to the store to buy a new shirt. Timmy was excited to pick out a new shirt, but he was still confused about why his old shirt didnt fit. At the store, Timmy found a blue shirt that he loved. His mom said they could buy it, but they needed to add some money to their piggy bank first. After they added some money to their piggy bank, Timmys mom bought him the blue shirt. Timmy was so happy and couldnt wait to wear it. When they got home, Timmys mom showed him that his old shirt had shrunk in the dryer. Timmy was no longer confused and was happy to have a new shirt to wear.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. Lily loved to play dress up and would often go to her wardrobe to pick out her favorite outfits. One day, Lilys mom asked her to help clean her room. Lily was not happy about this and started to cry. Her mom said, Its okay, Lily. We can clean together and then you can play dress up again. Lily wiped her tears and helped her mom clean. While cleaning, Lily accidentally tore her favorite dress. She was sad and said, Oh no, my dress is broken. But her wise mom said, Dont worry, Lily. We can fix it together. They got out the needle and thread and fixed the dress. Lily was happy again and thanked her mom for being so wise.Lily liked to play with her moms vase. It was big and shiny and had pretty flowers on it. Sometimes, Lily would pretend the vase was a cup and she would drink from it. She knew mom did not like that, but Lily thought it was fun. One day, mom was busy in the kitchen and Lily saw the vase on the table. She ran to it and grabbed it with both hands. She lifted it to her mouth and made a slurping sound. She did not see the water inside the vase. It spilled all over her face and clothes and the floor. Lily gasped and dropped the vase. It broke into many pieces. Mom heard the noise and came to see what happened. She saw Lily and the broken vase and the water. She was very angry. She said, Lily, what did you do? You broke my vase! That was very naughty! You are not supposed to play with it or drink from it! Lily felt very guilty. She knew she did something bad. She looked at mom and said, Im sorry, mom. I wanted to drink from the vase. I did not know it had water. I did not mean to break it. Please dont be mad at me. Mom sighed and hugged Lily. She said, Im not mad at you, Lily. Im just sad that you broke my vase. It was a gift from grandma. You have to be more careful with things that are not yours. And you have to listen to me when I tell you not to do something. Do you understand? Lily nodded and said, I understand, mom. I love you. And I love grandma. Can we get her a new vase? Mom smiled and said, Maybe we can. But first, lets clean up this mess. And then, lets change your clothes. You are all wet.Tom was a boy who liked to play with his whistle. He blew it loud and made funny sounds. He liked to whistle when he walked to the park, when he ate his lunch, and when he went to bed. One day, he saw a new girl in the park. She had long hair and a red dress. She was playing with a ball. Tom wanted to be her friend, so he walked up to her and blew his whistle. Hi, Im Tom. This is my whistle. Do you want to play with me? he asked. The girl looked at him and frowned. She did not like the loud noise. She covered her ears and said, No, thank you. Your whistle is too noisy. It hurts my ears. Go away. Tom felt sad and confused. He did not understand why the girl did not like his whistle. He thought it was fun and cool. He walked away and sat on a bench. He did not want to whistle anymore. Then, he saw a boy with a bike. The boy had a helmet and a smile. He rode up to Tom and stopped. He said, Hi, Im Sam. I like your whistle. Can I try it? Tom looked at him and smiled. He was happy to meet someone who liked his whistle. He said, Sure, you can try it. Im Tom. Do you want to be my friend? Sam nodded and took the whistle. He blew it loud and made funny sounds. He said, This is awesome. I love your whistle. Yes, I want to be your friend. Do you want to ride my bike? Tom nodded and gave him a highfive. He said, Yes, I want to ride your bike. Lets go. They swapped the whistle and the bike and rode around the park. They had fun and laughed. They introduced themselves to other kids and made more friends. They shared their toys and snacks. Tom gave Sam a sour candy and Sam made a funny face. They both giggled. Tom was glad he met Sam. He learned that not everyone likes the same things, and thats okay. He learned that he can find friends who like what he likes, and thats great. He learned that he can introduce himself to new people, and thats brave. He learned that he can whistle and be happy, and thats wonderful.Tommy likes to taste new things. He likes to taste sweet things, like cake and candy. He likes to taste salty things, like chips and cheese. He likes to taste sour things, like lemon and pickle. But he does not like to taste bitter things, like coffee and broccoli. One day, Tommy sees a big circle on the table. It is brown and shiny. He thinks it is a cookie. He wants to taste it. He takes a bite. But it is not a cookie. It is a coin. It tastes very bad. It tastes bitter and metal. Tommy spits it out. He makes a face. He says, Yuck! Mommy sees Tommy. She sees the coin. She is not happy. She says, Tommy, that is not a cookie. That is a coin. You should not taste coins. They are not food. They are money. You could get sick. You are very silly. Tommy feels sorry. He says, Im sorry, Mommy. I thought it was a cookie. It looked like a cookie. I wanted to taste it. I did not know it was a coin. I will not taste coins again. I will only taste food. Mommy hugs Tommy. She says, Its okay, Tommy. I know you were curious. But you have to be careful. Not everything that looks like food is food. Some things are not for tasting. They are for other things. Like coins are for buying things. And circles are for drawing and playing. Here, I have a real cookie for you. It is sweet and yummy. You can taste it. Tommy smiles. He says, Thank you, Mommy. I like cookies. They taste good. They are my favorite food. I will not be silly again. I will only taste cookies and other food. And I will play with circles and other toys. He takes the cookie. He bites it. He says, Mmm!Once upon a time, there was a boy named Tim. Tim lived in an igloo with his family. They loved their igloo because it kept them warm. One day, Tim went outside to play in the snow. He built a snowman and had so much fun. But then, a big storm came. The wind blew hard and the snow fell fast. Tim tried to go back to his igloo, but he couldnt find it. He was lost in the storm. He tried to keep walking, but it was too hard. Finally, Tim was so cold and tired that he fell asleep in the snow. When his family found him, it was too late. Tim was not normal anymore. He was gone forever.Once upon a time, there was a dog named Max. Max had a big collar that was red and shiny. It was very impressive. Max loved to play with his ball in the park. One day, Max saw a little girl crying. He went up to her and asked, Why are you sad? The little girl said, I lost my teddy bear and I dont know where it is. Max said, Dont worry, I know where your teddy bear is. Follow me! Max led the little girl to a bush where her teddy bear was hiding. The little girl was so happy and thanked Max for his help. From that day on, Max and the little girl became best friends and played together in the park every day.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy lived in a small village with his mom and dad. His dad worked in the forest and would bring home wood to keep their house warm. One day, Timmys dad hurt his leg and couldnt go to work. Timmys mom was anxious because they needed the wood to stay warm. Timmy wanted to help, so he asked his mom what he could do. His mom told him that they needed someone to deliver the wood from the forest to their house. Timmy was excited to help and asked his mom how he could deliver the wood. His mom gave him a small cart and told him to go to the forest and bring back as much wood as he could. Timmy went to the forest and filled his cart with wood. He was proud of himself for delivering the wood to his house and helping his family stay warm.Once upon a time, there was a big bear that liked to eat beef. Every morning, the big bear would wake up, with a big, mysterious yawn. One day, the big bear decided to try something new. So, the big bear went to the store and bought a big piece of beef. He took the beef back to his house. When he opened the beef, the big bear smelled it and said, Yuck, I dont like this beef! Then, he heard a voice from beside him. I will eat the beef for you, said the tiny little mouse. Thank you, said the big bear. So, the little mouse ate the beef and it was delicious! After that, the little mouse thanked the big bear and scurried away. The big bear was happy and mysterious! He was so happy that he started to yawn with a big smile on his face. Thats how the big bear and the little mouse became friends. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play pretend with her toys. One day, she pretended to be a princess sitting on her favorite chair. But her chair was very old and wobbly. Lily didnt know that it was dangerous to sit on. She kept playing and didnt notice the chair was about to break. Suddenly, the chair broke and Lily fell down. She wasnt hurt, but she learned that its important to be careful and not pretend too much on dangerous things. From then on, she made sure to check her toys before playing with them.Once upon a time, there was a little girl called Molly. Molly asked her friend if she could borrow some chocolate. Her friend said yes, and Molly was very happy. Molly wanted to eat the chocolate right away, so she ate it all. But the chocolate was too hard and it made her throat hurt. She started to cry. Mollys mum came to look at her and saw that Molly had some chocolate near her. Molly told her mum the whole story. Her mum said that Molly should not have eaten the chocolate without asking. Molly felt very sad and she said sorry. She was sad, because her throat still hurt and she didnt get to enjoy the chocolate.One day, there was a brilliant deer. He was walking around in the forest, and it was a beautiful day. The deer stopped suddenly as he heard a noise. He saw a small boy on the other side of the clearing. The boy was recording something in the forest with a big machine. The deer wasnt sure what was happening, but the boy had a big smile on his face. The deer watched with curiosity as the boy continued to record. After a few minutes, the boy was done and the deer couldnt help but feel proud of himself. He had just been recorded! The deer was so excited and ran off to tell all his friends. The deer thought it was so brilliant that he had been recorded! He was sure that he was now famous. He couldnt wait to tell all the other animals in the forest about his new adventure. From then on, the deer was determined to put his best foot forward. He was excited and eager to be recorded again!Once upon a time, there were two best friends who both loved the sun. One day, when the sun was shining bright, the two friends decided to sit beneath it to get warm. The first friend was so happy to be outside and she said the sun made her feel happy inside. The second friend, however, was envious of the first ones joy and wished the suns shine was hers, too. When the sun began to set, the friends decided to go to the park to listen to a special lecture. As they walked, they stopped to look out at the sky. It was a peaceful sight, with the sunsets colors twinklin, and both of the friends smiled. The lecture was really interesting and made the friends feel even happier. Then, when they left the park, they were both reminded again of the suns warm, beautiful shine. The two friends shared a hug and thanked the sun for being so friendly to them. Then, they waved goodbye and went home feeling happy and content.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play in the garden and dig in the soil. One day, she found a little worm who was very sad. Why are you sad? asked Lily. I lost my way home, said the worm. Dont worry, said Lily, I will help you find your way home. I am a compassionate friend. Lily picked up the worm and placed him on a leaf. She carried the leaf and walked around the garden. Where is your home? asked Lily. Its over there, said the worm, pointing to a patch of soil. Lily gently placed the worm back into the soil. Dont be sad anymore, said Lily, you are back home now. The worm was very happy and thanked Lily for her kindness. You are a good friend, said the worm. I am happy to comfort you, said Lily. From that day on, Lily and the worm were the best of friends and they played together in the garden every day.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She went to the fair with her mommy and daddy. They had so much fun riding on the merrygoround and eating cotton candy. But then, Lilys mommy bought her a muffin. Lily was so happy to eat it, but she forgot it on a bench when she went to ride on the Ferris wheel. When she came back, the muffin was gone! Lily was very sad and cried a lot. But then, a kind lady found the muffin and gave it back to Lily. Lily was so happy and hugged the lady. From that day on, Lily always remembered to hold onto her muffin tightly and not forget it again.Once there was a bald man who lived in a house by the sea. The man loved to look out the window and watch the waves. But one day, he was having trouble seeing the waves. A big curtain was in his way! The man tried and tried to get the curtain to move. He grabbed it, he pulled it nothing was working. He was about to give up when he had an idea. He tried standing on his chair and pushing the curtain aside. This time it worked! The man smiled as he saw the waves out the window again. He was so happy that he wanted to show his friends. He opened his door and took one step out but was stopped by a big curtain! He couldnt believe it. But he didnt give up. The man tried and tried, and eventually he was able to get the curtain out of the way. He stepped outside and showed his friends the beautiful view. From then on, the man was never bothered by curtains again.Once upon a time there were two little kids named Susie and Emmie. One day, they wanted to go the park to play together. So they put on their coats and left the house. But soon after they left, Susie fell and hurt her arm. She started to cry. Luckily, an ambulance came and took her to the hospital. The ambulance was big and noisy and very filthy. At the hospital, the doctor checked Susies arm. He said it would be okay with some rest. So the doctor put Susie in a special bed and gave her some yummy ice cream and juice. Finally, Susies arm was all better. Emmie and Susie had a big hug and were so glad to be done with the hospital. Together, they skipped all the way home.Ben and Sam were brothers who liked to play on the farm. They liked to run, jump, and chase the animals. But they did not like to do their chores. Their mom and dad always told them to help with the milk, the eggs, and the hay. But Ben and Sam always said no. One day, they saw a big cow in the field. The cow had a bell around her neck. Ben and Sam thought it would be fun to take the bell and make noise with it. They ran to the cow and tried to grab the bell. But the cow did not like that. She mooed loudly and kicked with her legs. Ben and Sam got scared and ran away. The cow followed them, still mooing. She wanted her bell back. She chased them all the way to the barn, where their mom and dad were. Their mom and dad saw the cow and the bell and knew what Ben and Sam had done. They were very angry. Ben and Sam, you have been very bad boys! their mom said. You should not take things that are not yours. You should not bother the cow. She gives us milk. You have made her angry and sad. You have to give her back her bell and say sorry. And you have to do your chores for a week, their dad said. That is your punish. You have to learn to be good and helpful. Or else you will not get any milk or eggs or hay. And you will not get any cake or candy or toys. Do you understand? Ben and Sam nodded. They felt sorry and ashamed. They gave the cow back her bell and said sorry. The cow mooed softly and licked their faces. She forgave them. Ben and Sam learned their lesson. They did their chores and were good and helpful. They never took things that were not theirs again. And they never bothered the cow again.Anna and Ben were very happy. They were going to the festival with their mom and dad. The festival had many fun things. There were balloons, games, music, and food. Anna and Ben wanted to see everything. They saw a big clown with a red nose and big shoes. He made funny faces and noises. He gave Anna and Ben each a balloon animal. Anna got a pink bunny and Ben got a blue dog. They thanked the clown and ran to the next thing. They saw a big tent with a sign that said Magic Show. They wanted to see the magic. They went inside the tent and sat on the floor. There were many other kids and grownups. They waited for the show to start. The show started with a man in a black hat and a cape. He had a wand and a box. He said he was going to make a rabbit appear from the box. He waved his wand and said some words. He opened the box and everyone gasped. There was no rabbit. There was a big sneeze. The man looked surprised and confused. He looked inside the box again and saw a small boy with a red face and a runny nose. The boy had sneaked into the box and was hiding there. He had sneezed because of the dust. He said he was sorry and ran out of the box. Everyone laughed except the man. He was angry and embarrassed. He said the show was over and left the tent. Anna and Ben felt sorry for the man. They thought he was not a good magician. They wondered why the boy was in the box. They saw the boy outside the tent. He was holding a yellow cat. He said his name was Tom and he liked magic. He said he wanted to see the rabbit and he was jealous of the man. He said he did not have a ticket for the festival and he had to hide. He said he liked the cat and he had found it in the street. Anna and Ben felt sorry for Tom. They said he could be their friend and share their balloons. They said they had tickets for the festival and they could show him around. They said they liked the cat and they asked if they could pet it. Tom smiled and said yes. He said he was sorry for ruining the show and he thanked them for being nice. They all became friends and had fun at the festival.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his toys all day long. One day, Timmy decided to create something special. He wanted to make a big tower out of his toy blocks. He worked hard and finally, he made a tall tower! Timmy was so happy with his creation, but then he saw something strange. There was a pale tube on the ground near his tower. Timmy didnt know what it was, but he decided to play with it. He put the tube in his mouth and accidentally swallowed it. Timmy started to feel sick and went to the hospital. The doctors couldnt save him because the tube was poisonous. Timmys parents were so sad because they lost their little boy. They wished they could go back in time and stop Timmy from playing with the tube.Once upon a time, there was a smart little girl. She liked to explore and try new things. One day, she saw a glass door. She was really curious about it and thought it looked fun to open and close! The little girl reached up and grabbed the handle of the door. She tried to open it, but it was too heavy. She felt very discouraged. Just then, an older and intelligent man walked by and saw her struggling. Do you need some help? he asked. Yes please! she replied. The man smiled and opened the door for her. He showed her how to hold the handle and pull to close it. Now try it on your own, he said. The little girl smiled and confidently grabbed the handle. She pulled the door shut and felt excited and proud. Good job! said the man. The little girl said thank you and waved goodbye as she skipped back to her house, feeling so happy that she had learned something new.Sara and Tom are twins. They like to play with their toys and books. But they do not like to take a nap. Mom says they need to nap every day, but they think it is boring. One day, Mom tells them to go to their room and nap. Sara and Tom say no. They want to play more. Mom says they can play after they nap. She gives them a kiss and leaves. Sara and Tom are not sleepy. They decide to sneak out of their room and go to the living room. They see a big vase with flowers on the table. They think it is pretty. They want to touch it. Tom reaches for the vase, but he is clumsy. He knocks it over and it falls to the floor. It breaks into many pieces. The water and the flowers spill everywhere. Sara and Tom are scared. They hear Mom coming. Mom sees the mess and is angry. She asks them what they did. Sara and Tom say they are sorry. They did not mean to break the vase. They just wanted to see it. Mom says they should have listened to her and napped. She says they are in trouble. She makes them clean up the mess and go back to their room. She says they cannot play for the rest of the day. Sara and Tom are sad. They wish they had napped. They realize that napping is not so bad. They hug each other and say they will nap tomorrow. They close their eyes and fall asleep.Anna loves to play dress up with her dolls. She has many dolls, but her favorite is Lily. Lily is a famous fashion doll who has many clothes and shoes and hats. Anna likes to try different outfits on Lily and make her look pretty. One day, Anna decides to have a fashion show with Lily. She puts a pink dress, a blue scarf and a yellow hat on Lily and says, You look so nice, Lily! Do you want to walk on the stage? Lily nods and smiles. Anna takes Lily by the hand and walks to the living room, where she has set up a stage with a chair and a curtain. Anna says, Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the fashion show! Our first model is Lily, the famous fashion doll! She is wearing a pink dress, a blue scarf and a yellow hat. Isnt she lovely? Anna makes Lily walk on the stage and strike a pose. She claps and cheers for Lily. But then, Anna hears a loud noise from the kitchen. She turns and sees her brother Tom, who has knocked over a bowl of cereal. Tom is covered in milk and cereal and looks very messy. He says, Oops, sorry, Anna. I was hungry and I wanted some cereal. Anna is angry. She says, Tom, you are so clumsy! You ruined my fashion show! Go away! She runs to the kitchen and grabs a spoon. She chases Tom with the spoon and tries to strike him. Tom runs away and laughs. He says, Anna, you are so silly! Its just a game! Dont be mad! Anna and Tom run around the house, making a lot of noise. Their mom hears them and comes to see what is going on. She sees Anna with the spoon, Tom with the cereal, and Lily on the stage. She says, What are you two doing? You are making a big mess! Stop fighting and clean up! Anna and Tom stop and look at their mom. They say, Sorry, mom. We were just playing. They put the spoon and the cereal away and help each other clean up. They also pick up Lily and her clothes and put them back in Annas room. They say, We love you, mom. And we love Lily, too. She is the best fashion doll ever! Mom smiles and hugs them. She says, I love you, too. And I love your fashion show. It was very creative and fun. But next time, please be more careful and respectful of each other. Anna and Tom nod and say, OK, mom. We will. They kiss mom and go back to their room. They play with Lily and have another fashion show, but this time, they invite Tom to join them. They have a lot of fun and make Lily strike many poses. They are happy and proud of their fashion show. The end.Once upon a time, there was a big, hot sun in the sky. The sun made everything feel warm and nice. One day, a little rat appeared from behind a tree. The rat was small and brown, with a long tail. It looked around and saw some cheese on the ground. The rat was hungry, so it ran over to the cheese and ate it all up. Then, the rat disappeared back behind the tree. The sun kept shining and everything was happy. The end.Once upon a time, there was a family. The mom, dad, and their two children. The two children were named Susie and John. One day the family decided to go on a zoom. They zoomed around in the car for a very long time. They enjoyed looking at the trees and sky. As they were zooming, they began to see lots of bright lights and make crazy sounds. John was amazed by the lights and wanted to get a closer look. So mom and dad decided to stop the car and let him out. He was so happy to explore. John saw something twinkling on the ground and he picked it up. It was a little rock! He was so excited to have found this treasure. But then, he started to think, maybe it had value. He thought it was too special to keep, so he put it back where he found it. John was proud of himself for valuing the little rock. He got back into the car and they continued with their zoom.Ben liked to look for insects in the garden. He had a jar with holes in the lid, and he wanted to fill it with different kinds of insects. He liked to watch them crawl and fly and make noises. One day, he saw a big, shiny insect on a flower. It had four wings and a long tail. It was green and blue and yellow. Ben thought it was the most beautiful insect he had ever seen. He wanted to catch it and put it in his jar. He ran to the flower and reached out his hand. But before he could grab the insect, he heard a loud buzz and felt a sharp pain in his finger. He screamed and dropped the jar. The insect flew away. Ow, ow, ow! Ben cried. He ran to his mom, who was sitting on the porch. She saw his finger and hugged him. What happened, Ben? she asked. I tried to catch a pretty insect, but it stung me! Ben sobbed. Oh, Ben, Im sorry. That was a bee. Bees are not good insects to catch. They can hurt you. They make honey, but they also have stingers. You have to be careful around them. She took him inside and put some ice on his finger. She gave him a cookie and a glass of milk. She kissed his finger and his cheek. Next time, I recommend you look for other insects, like butterflies or ladybugs. They are also pretty, but they dont sting. They are more available and friendly. Do you understand? Ben nodded. He felt better. He learned his lesson. He decided to leave the bees alone and look for other insects. He hoped he would find a butterfly or a ladybug soon. He still liked insects, but he was more careful now.Once upon a time, there was a whale who was swimming in the warm ocean. She was looking for something special. She had heard about a big treasure that was guarded by a whale and she wanted to find it. She kept swimming until, suddenly, she saw a glimmer of yellow. It was just what she had been searching for! The whale felt so happy and she opened the large chest. As she opened it, a wave of gold coins and jewels spilled out. The whale was so excited and she wanted to take the treasure with her. But, it was so heavy that she couldnt carry it. Suddenly, a magical fish appeared and told her that if she wanted to take her treasure, she must yield to its power. The whale nodded and, with a wave of its tail, the fish granted her wish. Now the whale had all the gold and jewels she could ever need. She was so grateful that she thanked the magical fish and went back home, feeling warm, happy and full of joy.Lily liked to help her mom in the kitchen. She wanted to work like a big girl. She saw her mom cut some carrots with a knife. Lily asked, Can I cut too? Mom smiled and said, No, Lily, cutting is not for little hands. You can use a fork to poke the carrots. That is your work. Lily took a fork and poked the carrots. She liked the sound they made. She poked and poked until all the carrots were on a plate. She was very patient and careful. Mom said, Good job, Lily! You worked very well. Now we can cook the carrots for dinner. Do you want to stir them in the pot? Lily nodded and said, Yes, please! She put down her fork and climbed on a stool. Mom gave her a wooden spoon and showed her how to stir. Lily stirred and stirred until the carrots were soft and yummy. Mom said, You are a great helper, Lily. I am proud of you. Now we can eat the carrots. Do you want some? Lily said, Yes, please! I love carrots. They are my favorite. She took her fork and ate some carrots. She shared them with her mom. They were both happy and full.Once upon a time, there was a little mouse. The mouse liked to create things. He made a big, smelly cake. The cake was so smelly that it made the mouses nose wiggle. One day, the mouse went outside to play. He saw a big cat. The cat saw the smelly cake and wanted to eat it. The mouse was scared, but he had an idea. He gave the cat the smelly cake. The cat ate the smelly cake and was very happy. The mouse was happy too. The cat and the mouse became friends. They played together every day. And they both loved the smelly cake.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She lived in a big city with her mommy and daddy. One day, Lilys mommy told her they needed to go somewhere important. Lets take a taxi, said mommy. Okay! said Lily, excitedly. They went outside and waited for a taxi. After a few minutes, a yellow taxi pulled up. Are you ready to go? asked the taxi driver. Yes, please! said Lily. They got in the taxi and the driver asked, Where to? Mommy told him the address and they were on their way. During the ride, Lily looked out the window and saw a big park. Mommy, can we go to the park? she asked. Not today, sweetie. We have to go somewhere important, mommy told her. Okay, said Lily, understandingly. Finally, they arrived at their destination. Were here! mommy said. They got out of the taxi and went inside a big building. Mommy, where are we? asked Lily. Were at the doctors office. The doctor is going to tell us how healthy you are, mommy explained. Lily smiled and said, Okay, Im ready!Mum and Dad were playing with their child. They had some different coloured balls and they were throwing them up and down. Dad said they were going to play football. The child was so excited! Dad said, Lets spin the different coloured balls around as you catch them. The child was so eager to try! So they started spinning the balls and the child was trying to catch them. The child was spinning the ball when suddenly, the football came out! Mum said, Oh, heres a football! Lets play a game! The child was thrilled and shouted, Yay! Mum and Dad showed the child how to throw and catch the football. It was so much fun for them all. They played for a long time until it was time to go home. The child was so happy. They had played with lots of different balls in different ways, and there was no better feeling!Morty and his mommy were playing in the park. It was a sunny day and there was a lot to do and see. Mommy said, Look! Theres a cop! Morty was impressed. He asked, Whats a cop, Mommy? Mommy explained, A cop is an intelligent person who helps people in the park. Morty thought that sounded fun and he asked, Can I visit the cop? So Morty and Mommy walked over to the cop. Morty said, Hello! Im Morty. I wanted to visit you. The cop smiled and said, Its nice to meet you, Morty. Im here to help people if they need it. So if you ever need help, just let me know. Morty thanked the cop and then he and his mommy went back to playing in the park. Morty had had a special visit and he wouldnt forget it anytime soon.Once upon a time, there was a little puppy named Spot. Spot was very upset because he was lost and couldnt find his mommy. He walked and walked, but he couldnt find her. Just when Spot was about to cry, he saw another puppy. This puppy was lost too! Spot ran to the other puppy and they sniffed each other. They were happy to have found a friend. Spot and the other puppy decided to unite and look for their mommies together. They walked and walked, and finally, they found their mommies. Spot was so happy to be reunited with his mommy, and he was grateful for his new friend.Once there was a boy who was very foolish. He liked to do things that werent wise. One day he saw a subway. He thought it would be fun to try and lift it up. He tried and tried, but the subway was too heavy and he couldnt lift it. He was very sad, but he didnt give up. He asked the people nearby for help. Many people stopped to help him. Together they all used their strength to lift the subway. After the subway was lifted, everyone was very proud. The boy was happy that he was able to use his friends help to do something wonderful. He learned that it was better to work together than alone. Doing things alone can sometimes be foolish.Clara was playing with her toys when she noticed a feather lying near her toys. She thought it looked pretty and wanted to see if it could fit in any of her toys. She carefully picked up the feather, then tried to fit it in her doll house. She tried holding the feather in different ways, but it just didnt fit. Clara was getting frustrated. She tried and tried, but the feather still didnt fit. Then she remembered to be patient. Clara took a deep breath and calmly tried again. She turned the feather and finally, it fit! Clara was overjoyed! She ran to tell her mom all about the feather fitting in the doll house. Her mom smiled and told her that being patient was the key to the feather fitting. Clara was very proud that she had been patient and was able to fit the feather in the doll house. From then on she was always careful to remember to be patient!One day, a big cat and a little dog were playing in the park. They were having a lot of fun running and jumping. The big cat found a jar of butter under a tree. The little dog wanted the butter too, so they started to get angry with each other. The big cat said, I found the butter, so it is mine! The little dog said, No, I want the butter too! They both wanted the butter so much that they started to fight. They were very angry and sad. A kind bird saw them fighting and said, Stop being angry. You can both share the butter. The big cat and the little dog stopped fighting and thought about it. They decided to share the butter and be friends again. They gave each other a big hug and ate the butter together. From that day on, they always shared and played together happily.Tom is a fat otter who likes to play in the river. He has many friends who swim and splash with him. But sometimes Tom is naughty and does not listen to his mom. She tells him to stay close to the bank and not to go too far. But Tom wants to explore and see new things. One day, Tom sees a big fish in the water. He thinks it is a toy and chases it. He swims faster and faster, and forgets about his mom. He does not hear her calling his name. He does not see the fish is a pike, with sharp teeth and a hungry look. The pike turns around and snaps at Tom. Tom is scared and tries to run away. He cries for help. His mom hears him and swims to him. She bites the pike and makes it go away. She hugs Tom and says, Are you okay, my baby? Tom is sorry and says, Im okay, mom. Im sorry, mom. I was bad. I did not listen to you. I followed the fish. It was not a toy. It was a mean fish. It wanted to eat me. His mom says, Im glad you are okay, Tom. But you were very naughty. You could have been hurt. You have to listen to me. I know what is good for you. I love you, Tom. But I have to punish you. You cannot play in the river for two days. You have to stay on the bank with me. Tom is sad and says, Im sorry, mom. I love you, mom. I will listen to you. I will not be naughty again. Can I still play with my friends on the bank? His mom says, Yes, you can play with your friends on the bank. But you have to be careful and stay close to me. And you have to say sorry to your friends for making them worry. Tom says, Okay, mom. I will say sorry to my friends. Thank you, mom. You are the best mom. His mom says, You are welcome, Tom. You are my best baby.Once there was a family who liked to go for walks. Whenever they went for a walk, the staff would help them by carrying their bags. One day, the family went for a walk, but something was wrong. The staff seemed very sad. The family asked what was wrong, but the staff could not say. The family asked the staff to stop and take a break. The staff was very happy and thanked the family for being so kind. The family gave the staff some cookies and a drink. After a few minutes, the staff was feeling better. The family was so happy to see the staff smile again. The family offered to help the staff more often when they went on their walks. The staff was so thankful and said they would be happy to have the familyâs help. From then on, whenever the family went for a walk, they were sure to help the staff so they could both enjoy their time together.Once there was a man who wanted to find the clearest reindeer in the world. The man looked around his house, but he could not find one. So, he decided to go on an adventure to find one. He searched everywhere, but could not find any reindeers. Finally, he stumbled upon a magical forest. He peeked inside and saw a big group of reindeers. The man began to sort through them, looking for the clearest one. He looked and looked, until he found it! The man grabbed the reindeer and took it home with him. He was so excited to have the clearest reindeer in the world. From that day onwards, the man and the reindeer were always together.Once upon a time, there was a thin tooth. It came out of the mouth of a small child. The child was very happy with his new tooth. Every morning he would wake up and show it to his mommy and daddy. One day, the tooth decided to take a little trip. It came out of the childs mouth and flew away. It flew through the sky, past the birds and the clouds, until it landed on a field of soft green grass. The tooth enjoyed its adventure, but soon started to miss the child. It wanted to come back home. So the tooth flapped its tiny wings and flew back home. The tooth came back and put itself back in the childs mouth. The child was so happy to see it again. And so, he smiled and hugged his mommy and daddy. From then on, the tooth stayed in the childs mouth forever!Once upon a time, there was a kind elephant who lived in a big theater. He loved playing all kinds of different games and making others smile. One day, he decided to invite all his friends to the theater. They all partied together and had a lot of fun. But then, something bad happened. One of the other animals decided that it wasnt fair that the elephant got to have all the fun, so they started taking the games away from him. The elephant was so sad and disappointed. He felt like he had done something wrong, but he had been so kind to his friends. No matter how many times he asked, they wouldnt give the games back to him. At the end of the day, the moral of the story is that there are some people who take advantage of those who are kind to them. They dont understand that kindness should be rewarded, not taken advantage of.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a sister named Anna. They lived in a small house with their furry dog, Max. One sunny day, Lily and Anna went to the park with Max. They played and laughed all day. But then, Max started to bark. Lily did not listen to Max. She kept playing with Anna. Max barked louder and louder. Anna told Lily, We should listen to Max. Lily stopped and listened to Max. She saw that Max was trying to tell them something. They followed Max and found a lost little boy. The boy was sad and scared. Lily and Anna helped the boy find his mom. The mom was so happy and thanked them. The sisters learned that it is important to listen. Sometimes, others know things we do not. By listening, we can help and learn from them.One day, a little girl was wearing a new blouse. It had a bright pink colour and lots of sparkles. She was very proud of it and twirled around in it. Suddenly, she heard a fierce noise and she stopped. The noise came from a big and scary looking dog. It was growling and staring at her with big eyes. She was scared and stepped away from it. The little girl looked around and noticed the dogs owner nearby. Quickly, she asked a question. What is your dog doing here? Its scaring me! The man said Dont worry. He just wants to play. Hes a good dog. The girl was still worried and said Im not sure. Please take him away. The man smiled and got hold of the dogs collar. As he walked away, the girl felt relieved. She stood there for a few moments and smiled. She was no longer afraid and went back to twirling around in her beautiful blouse.Lily and Ben are twins. They like to play in the park with their dog, Max. One morning, they go to the park with Mom. The park is full of mist. Lily and Ben cant see very far. Where is Max? Lily asks. She looks around, but she cant find him. Maybe he is hiding, Ben says. He runs to a big tree and calls, Max, come here! But Max doesnt come. He is busy. He sees a big duck near the pond. The duck has bread in its mouth. Max wants the bread. He runs to the duck and tries to take the bread. Quack, quack! the duck says. It is angry. It flaps its wings and pecks at Max. Ow, ow! Max says. He runs away from the duck. He is scared. Lily and Ben hear Max. They follow his voice. They see him near the pond. He is wet and dirty. Max, what are you doing? Lily asks. She hugs him. I was hungry, Max says. I wanted to feed on the bread. But that is the ducks bread, Ben says. You cant take it. That is not nice. Im sorry, Max says. He looks sad. Mom comes to the pond. She sees Max and the duck. She laughs. You are a crazy dog, Max, she says. But we love you. Come on, lets go home. I have some treats for you. Lily, Ben, and Max go home with Mom. They are happy. They dont mind the mist. They had fun in the park.One day, a pilot was flying high in the sky. He was very foolish and decided to do a dangerous display in the air. He flew around and around, doing loops and flips. Everyone on the ground was amazed. Suddenly, the pilot made a big mistake and started to fly really fast. He had gone too far and it seemed like he would never come back. Everyone watched in fear, but then, something wonderful happened. The pilot flew back into view! But now he was upside down. Everyone cheered for his daring and foolish display. The pilot smiled and waved. He was very brave, and everyone was happy he was safe. They knew he was a very special pilot indeed!Once upon a time there was a little girl called Cate. She was 3 years old, and very curious. One day, she asked her mom if she could go to the temple. Her mom said, Yes, you can go, but you must be careful! So Cate went to the temple. When she arrived, she was very confused. She didnt know why she was there. Then she spotted a big door. She asked her mom if she could open it, but her mom said no. She said it was not permitted. Cate was very disappointed, but she understood. She and her mom looked around the temple and saw many beautiful things, and Cate learned a lot. Finally, Cate and her mom left the temple. Cate was sad that she didnt get to open the big door, but she was also happy to have had the opportunity to visit the temple.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to explore the forest near her house. One day, she saw an elderly woman picking berries. The woman smiled at Lily and gave her a handful of juicy berries. Lily thanked the woman and continued on her way. As Lily walked deeper into the forest, she noticed a strange feeling. Something was watching her. She looked around but didnt see anything. Suddenly, she heard a rustling in the bushes. She was scared, but she remembered the berries the kind woman gave her. She ate them and felt brave. As she continued on, she saw a beautiful tree with a big berry on it. She picked the berry and ate it, but it didnt taste good. Suddenly, she heard a loud noise. It was a bear! The bear was angry and was coming towards her. Lily was scared, but she remembered the feeling of bravery from the berries. She threw the berry at the bear and it revealed a hidden treasure. The bear was happy and left Lily alone. Lily continued on her way, feeling proud of herself for being brave.Once upon a time there was a little girl called Jo. Jo was three years old and she loved to explore. One day, she wanted to explore a big hill near her house. As she walked up the hill, she felt strange heat coming from the ground. This made Jo very scared. When Jo got to the top of the hill, there was a big crack in the ground. Jo couldnt believe what she saw! She wanted to climb in but it was too big for her. She walked around the crack and tried to find a way to improve it. Suddenly, her Mom appeared. Jo was so excited to see her. Her Mom smiled and said, What are you doing, Jo? Jo told her Mom about the crack in the ground and asked if they could do something to make it better. Her Mom smiled and nodded. She said, We need to make the crack smaller, so that you can get inside. Lets use some sticks and stones to help us do that. Jo and her Mom worked hard to make the crack smaller. Finally, they were successful. Jos Mom said, Now, Jo, you can get inside of the crack and explore. Jo was very excited now. She climbed inside the crack and was amazed at what she saw. She felt hot air coming from inside and she knew there was something interesting in there. Jo found crystals and gems and she was filled with joy.Once upon a time, in a unique land, there lived a little fairy named Lily. Lily loved to use her magic wand to make flowers bloom and butterflies dance. One sunny day, Lily met a friendly squirrel named Sam. Hi, Lily! said Sam. What are you doing? I am using my wand to make the flowers pretty, Lily replied. Sam watched Lily wave her wand, and the flowers grew big and colorful. The two friends played together all day. They ran, laughed, and played hideandseek. Lily used her magic to make their day special and fun. As the sun began to set, Lily and Sam said goodbye. They promised to meet again soon and have more fun together. And from that day on, the unique fairy and her squirrel friend had many more happy days filled with magical adventures.Once upon a time there was a tiny mouse who lived in an ancient castle. The castle was full of secrets and the mouse was always curious to explore it. One day the mouse saw an inviting door. He hesitated for a moment but then decided to enter. Inside was the most delicious looking salad the mouse had ever seen! He eagerly started snacking on the salad when suddenly, he heard a loud voice. Hey! Get off my salad! The mouse looked up to see a giant lizard standing in front of him. The mouse was terrified and stopped eating right away. The lizard was angry and demanded that the mouse pay for the salad. The mouse had no money, so he offered to clean the ancient castle as payment instead. The lizard reluctantly agreed, and the mouse got to work. Eventually, the mouse managed to clean the castle and the lizard was very impressed by his hard work. The lizard said hed let the mouse go for this one time but advised him to never enter the castle again. The mouse thanked the lizard and ran off, never to return.Sam and Mia are playing in the park. They like to slide and swing and run. They hear a loud noise. It is a cop car. It has a siren and a light. The cop car stops near the park. Wow, look at that! Sam says. It is a cop car. Maybe there is a bad guy. Lets go see! Mia says. Maybe it is interesting. They run to the cop car. They see a cop. He is talking to a man. The man looks angry. He has a big bag. Hey, kids, stay back! the cop says. This is not a game. This is a robber. He took money from the bank. Wow, a robber! Sam says. That is bad. Why did he do that? Because he is greedy and mean, the cop says. He wanted to have more money than he needs. But I caught him. Now he will go to jail. Jail? Mia says. That is scary. I dont want to go to jail. Me neither, Sam says. We are good kids. We dont take things that are not ours. Thats right, the cop says. You are good kids. You should always be honest and kind. Then you will be happy and safe. Thank you, cop, Sam and Mia say. You are brave and nice. You help people. Youre welcome, kids, the cop says. Now go back to your play. Have fun. Sam and Mia wave to the cop. They run back to the park. They slide and swing and run. They are happy and safe. They think the cop car is interesting. But they think the park is more fun.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved ice cream and always asked her mom to take her to the ice cream truck. One day, Lilys mom took her to get a cone, but it was very icy outside. Lily was so excited to eat her cone, but she accidentally dropped it on the ground. She was very sad and didnt know what to do. Suddenly, Lilys mom had an idea. She told Lily to use her hands to make a snowball and put the icy snow on top of the dropped cone. Lily was hesitant at first, but she tried it and it worked! The icy snow made the cone even better than before. From that day on, Lily always remembered to use the icy snow to make her cone even more delicious. She was happy that her mom taught her a new trick.Tommy was scared of the dark. He hated when his mom turned off the light and said good night. He wanted to see his toys and his books and his teddy bear. He did not like the shadows and the noises in his room. One night, he heard a loud knock on the door. He heard his mom open it and talk to someone. He heard a strangers voice. He did not know who it was. He did not like strangers. He wished his mom would come back to his room and hug him. He got out of his bed and walked to the door. He peeked outside and saw a man with a big bag. The man was wearing a dark coat and a dark hat. He looked mean and scary. Tommy was afraid. He wanted to hide. He ran back to his bed and pulled the covers over his head. He held his teddy bear tight and closed his eyes. He hoped the stranger would go away. He hoped his mom would come back soon. He hated the dark and the stranger. He wanted to be safe and happy.Once upon a time there was an adorable little bear named Tommy. Tommy loved to play and explore, but he didnt know very much. He wanted to learn more, so he asked his Mama Bear for help. Mama Bear was so happy to provide for Tommy. She smiled and told him that she would teach him all sorts of things. She taught him how to count, name colors, and even the alphabet. Tommy was so excited to learn. He shouted and clapped his hands as he learned. His Mama Bear was so proud of him. After some time, Tommy learned so much from his Mama Bear. She provided him with all of the love and knowledge that he needed. With her help, Tommy became a very smart and wise little bear.Bella was a dog who loved to chew. She chewed on bones, toys, shoes, and sometimes things she should not chew. One day, when her family was out, she saw a big, soft armchair in the living room. She thought it looked like a good thing to chew. She jumped on the armchair and started to bite and tear the fabric. She made a big hole and pulled out the stuffing. She felt happy and proud of her work. But when her family came back, they were not happy. They saw the mess and the ruined armchair. They knew it was Bella who did it. They scolded her and said, Bad dog! You should not chew on the armchair! That was very naughty and expensive! Now we have to buy a new one! They pointed at the hole and the stuffing. Bella felt ashamed and guilty. She lowered her head and tucked her tail. She knew she had done something wrong. She wanted to say sorry, but she could not speak. She only whimpered and licked her familys hands. They saw that she was sorry and forgave her. They hugged her and said, We love you, Bella, but you have to learn to chew on the right things. Here, have this chew toy. It is yours and you can chew on it as much as you want. But please, leave the armchair alone. They gave her a chew toy and a treat. Bella was happy and grateful. She learned her lesson and never chewed on the armchair again. The moral of the story is Do not chew on things that are not yours or that can be damaged. Chew on things that are meant for chewing. Say sorry when you make a mistake and try to do better.Once upon a time, a cow entered a big, green field. She was looking for some food to eat. Suddenly, the most compassionate little boy she had ever seen came walking across the field. The little boy had the biggest, warmest smile. He walked up to the cow, reached out his hand and offered her some kind words. The cow felt so happy and safe around the boy. Even though she wasnt sure what he was saying, it still made her feel good inside. The little boy then opened up his bag and pulled out some delicious hay. He tossed it over to the cow and she was so happy! She gobbled it up and said thank you with a smile and a big moo. The compassionate little boy smiled back and gave her a pat on the back. She then happily trotted off, feeling so lucky to have been welcomed by such a sweet boy.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys, but she always made a big mess. One day, her mom came in and said, Lily, you need to clean up your toys. Its not safe to leave them all over the floor. Lily replied, But mom, I dont know how to balance them all! Her mom smiled and said, Thats okay, we can work on it together. So, they started to clean up the toys and Lilys mom showed her how to balance them on top of each other. Lily thought it was charming how they could all stay together without falling. After they finished cleaning, Lilys mom said, Remember, its important to take care of our earth too. Just like we balance our toys, we need to balance the things we do to keep our planet healthy. Lily nodded and said, I will try my best to keep the earth clean and balanced too!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the sun. One day, she went to the park with her mom. They sat on a bench and watched the birds. Suddenly, Lily felt something on her arm. It was a little bug! She started to panic and waved her arms around. Her mom quickly tapped the bug away. Lily felt relieved and hugged her mom. After a while, they decided to go home. Lily was thirsty and wanted some water. But when she took a sip, she realized her throat was dry. She asked her mom for more water, but her mom said they had to wait until they got home. Lily felt sad, but she knew her mom was right. They walked home together, holding hands. When they finally got home, Lily drank a big glass of water and felt much better.Once upon a time there was a tiny spider called Jasper. Everyday, he spun a beautiful cobweb in his small corner of the garden. It was so delicate that everyone said it looked like a rare and delicate piece of art! One day, a strong wind came and blew Jaspers cobweb away! The poor spider was so sad! Jasper was determined to build his cobweb back up. He scrambled up the long vines and worked away spinning out his web. But try as hard as he could, the cobweb would not look how it did before. Until one day, Jasper had an idea. He spooled the strands backwards and when he had finished, he was surprised to find that the cobweb was better than before! He had reversed the cobweb and made it look even more special. From that day on, Jaspers cobweb was admired by all in the garden, and it became even more rare and beautiful.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to run fast and play outside. One day, she went to a carnival with her mom and dad. She played games and won tickets. At the end of the day, there was a big raffle. Lilys name was called and she went up to receive her prize. It was a big stuffed bear that she hugged tightly. She was so happy and couldnt wait to take it home. Lily went to bed that night with her new prize beside her. She dreamed of running fast with her bear by her side. She knew it would be her new best friend.Penny and Dan were walking in the park one day. Suddenly they noticed a small, furry animal running around the trees. What is it? asked Dan. Penny laughed. Thats a squirrel! Lets see if we can touch it. Dan was frightened. Im scared, Penny. Penny smiled. Dont be afraid. Well just follow the squirrel around the trees and see if we can get close enough to touch it. And thats what they did. The squirrel seemed miserable, jumping from branch to branch and moving around quickly. Finally, after a few minutes, the squirrel stopped and Dan carefully reached out his hand. But as soon as he touched it, the squirrel ran away and they never saw it again.Once upon a time, there was a prince who was very smart. He wanted to find a magic crown. The prince searched high and low but he couldnt find it. One day, when the prince arrived at the beach, he finally found what he was looking for. In the sand was a beautiful, golden crown! The prince was so happy that he quickly picked up the crown. He couldnt believe his luck and hurried home to show his parents. When he arrived, his mom and dad were so proud of him. They hugged him and said he was so smart to have found the crown! So the prince was crowned king. He moved into the palace and was so happy. From then on, the people of the kingdom loved their new king. They knew he was the right man for the job.Once upon a time, there was a little pupil named Tim. Tim had a white cat named Snowy. They liked to play outside in the sun. One day, Tim and Snowy went to the park. They saw a big tree with many birds. Tim and Snowy wanted to play with the birds. So, they started to rush to the tree. As they got close, the birds flew away. Tim and Snowy looked at each other and laughed. They had fun trying to play with the birds. Then, they went home and told their mommy about their day.Once upon a time, there was a gifted cat. He lived in a special place with lots of trees and grass and bright green hills. Every day, it would rain in the morning and the cat would go outside to play in the sunshine and the rain. One day, he was playing in the grass when he found a bone! He was so happy to find it, so he ran and showed it to his friends. Everyone was excited to see the bone and they gathered around to look at it. They tossed it around and played with it until it grew dark. Then, the rain came back. The cat and his friends had to go find shelter, so they all ran back home. But the cat still had the bone, and he kept it safe until the rain stopped and they could play again. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Alice. Alice was walking along the beach one day when suddenly she spotted a crab. The crab had a big frown on its face. Alice wanted to help and so she reached out her hand to pat the crab. But before she could, the crab scuttled away. Alice was sad that she couldnt help the crab. Later, she saw some friendly seagulls flying in the sky. She waved to the seagulls and followed them over the dunes. At the top of the dune, Alice found the crab again! It was looking around, but this time it didnt seem scared. Alice knew it was looking for help and so she said hello and carefully placed one finger on its shell. The crab looked at Alice with a big smile! Alice was so excited she started clapping her hands. The crab had been so helpful. She was happy this time she could help. The crab scuttled away again and waved goodbye. Alice felt really proud of herself. She had found a way to help a crab in need. She would never forget the crab and its helpful smile.Once upon a time, there was an elderly lady who loved to sit on a bench in the park. She would watch the children play and smile at them. One day, a little girl came to sit on the bench next to her. They started to talk and the elderly lady was happy to have a new friend. As they talked, the little girl noticed that the bench was old and falling apart. She asked the lady if she knew why the bench was like that. The lady explained that many people had sat on the bench over the years and some had not taken care of it. They had left it dirty and broken. The little girl understood and promised to take care of the bench from now on. She knew that it was important to take care of things that we share with others. And so, she cleaned the bench and made sure that no one would part it again. The elderly lady was proud of her new friend and they continued to sit on the bench together, enjoying the park and each others company.One day, Sally went to the post office. She was excited to get her mail. She asked the postman to get her mail. He smiled and handed her a bright red envelope. Sally was very curious. She didnt know who had sent her the mail. On the envelope it said To Sally. She quickly opened the envelope and inside there was a rare shiny star. Sally was surprised. She could not believe what she was seeing. She asked the postman who had sent her the star. He smiled and said Maybe you should look on the back of the envelope. Sally turned the envelope over and saw a note. It said Congratulations! You are the lucky winner of a rare shiny star. Sally was so happy and she smiled from ear to ear. She said thank you to the postman, and he answered You are very welcome.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Lucy. She loved to play outdoors and had so much fun each day in the sunshine! One day, she took off outside and ran around until she felt quite dizzy. When she came back inside, her mom said it was time for a wash. Lucy was so excited! She knew that if she washed, she would be so clean and ready for her next day of fun. She decided to take a warm bath, using her special bubble soap. Lucy enjoyed washing and when she was done, she felt so soft and sparkly. She was all ready for another sunny day of playing!Once upon a time, there was a brown dog named Spot. Spot loved to play in the park with his ball. One day, Spot saw a man with a wire in his hand. The man asked Spot if he wanted to play fetch with the wire. Spot barked happily and ran to get his ball. The man threw the wire and Spot ran to get it. But when he picked it up, he felt a shock! The wire was not a toy, it was an electric wire. Spot yelped and ran back to the man. The man was sorry and gave Spot a treat to serve as an apology. From that day on, Spot only played with his ball and never touched wires again. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys in the park. One day, she saw a man with a big bag walking towards her. The man looked strange and Lily felt scared. Suddenly, the man grabbed Lilys doll and tried to run away. But Lily remembered what her mom had told her. She pushed the man and he fell down. The man was a thief who wanted to steal Lilys toys. Lilys mom was very proud of her. She told Lily that its always important to be careful and protect our things. Lily learned that its not always easy to trust strangers, but she knew that she could always count on her mom and herself to stay safe.Tommy had an idea. He wanted to scatter petals around his mum and dads bedroom. It would be a surprise for them when they got up in the morning. Tommy gathered the petals from the garden and put them in a basket. then he scampered into his mum and dads bedroom. It was easy to scatter the petals around the room. Tommy worked quickly, making sure every corner of the room was full of petals. When Tommy was done, he smiled and admired his handiwork. Then he scampered out and hid under the bed. In the morning, his mum and dad were surprised by the beautiful petals in the room. They smiled and hugged Tommy, thanking him for the lovely surprise. Tommy had just proven that even a simple idea can make someone feel loved.Once upon a time, there was a little girl. She was walking in the forest when she noticed something strange. She saw a pot and it was stirring by itself. She slowly came closer to see what was inside the pot. It was oxygen! It was slowly bubbling up and stirring the pot around. The little girl was excited and wanted to take some of the oxygen home with her. She put it in a bottle and started to walk home. She was careful to not stir the pot too much because the oxygen was too precious. As she went home, she sang a slow song and the wind blew slowly in the trees. Little did she know that the oxygen in the bottle would make her home feel brighter and more alive. The end.Molly was walking in the park one morning. She saw something pink lying on the ground. She went to pick it up. It was a nice pink flower. It had lots of bright petals. She was so happy! She put the flower in her pocket and kept walking. Soon Molly spotted something else. A nice ladybug was sitting on the grass. Molly slowly bent down and picked the little bug up. She put it in the palm of her hand. She felt so gentle and careful. Molly smiled as she watched the ladybug crawl around. She was so happy to see something so nice and pink! She opened up her pocket, put the flower back in and kept walking. What a nice morning!Once upon a time there was a gloomy town. Everyone in the town did the same trade. They polished rocks. Every day they woke up early and went to the rock shop. They were very good at their trade. They could make a shiny rock from a dull one. But one day the townspeople encountered a problem. There were no dull rocks left! All the rocks had been polished so much that they were too shiny. The townspeople started to worry. What kind of trade could they do if there were no dull rocks? Then one day a happy little girl came to town. She loved rocks and knew how to make a dull rock from a shiny one. She showed the townspeople how to do it. Everyone was happy again. They could now do their trade again. The town returned to its former glory with shiny rocks. Everyone was thankful to the girl!Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy had a bad cough and needed to take medicine to feel better. His mom gave him the medicine and told him to trust that it would make him feel better. Timmy didnt like the taste of the medicine, but he knew his mom wouldnt give him something bad. One day, Timmy and his mom went to the park. Timmy was playing on the swings when he saw a big dog. The dog looked very alert and Timmy felt a little scared. But his mom told him not to worry because the dog was friendly and wouldnt hurt him. Timmy trusted his mom and wasnt scared anymore. After playing at the park, Timmys cough started to get better. He knew it was because he took his medicine like his mom told him to. Timmy was happy and felt much better. He trusted his mom and knew she would always take care of him.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. He loved playing games with his friends. One day, Timmy brought his favorite game to school to share with his friends. They all played together and had a lot of fun. But then, Timmy noticed that his game was missing. He looked everywhere, but he couldnt find it. He asked his friends if they had seen it, but they all said no. Later that day, Timmy saw one of his friends playing with his game. He felt very sad and angry. His friend had stolen his game! Timmy didnt know what to do, but he knew he didnt want to be friends with someone who would steal from him. The next day, Timmy went to school and told his teacher what had happened. She talked to his friend and helped him understand that its not okay to steal from others. Timmy felt proud that he had done the right thing by telling his teacher, and he was happy to have his game back.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Anya. She was very polite and loved to skip around her house. One day, Anya stepped outside of her house and she noticed something on the side of her house. It was a small, friendly bunny! Anya smiled and said hello to the bunny, and the bunny looked up at Anya and said, Hi Anya! Anya was so excited to meet the bunny that she started skipping around the yard. The bunny hopped around too and the two playmates soon became friends. Anya was so polite to the bunny. She always said hello and goodbye when she saw the bunny, and she always shared her vegetable treats with him. They had lots of fun playing together everyday. Anya and the bunny always skip around the side of the house together. The bunny felt so lucky to have Anya as a friend.One day, a scared cat was walking around. It was lost, and it didnt know where it was going. Suddenly, the cat heard a voice. The voice was saying please, please. The cat looked around and saw a little girl with outstretched arms. The girl had a big smile and said, Please can I pat your cat? The cat was scared, but the girl seemed nice, so it slowly approached. The girl was very gentle and stroked the cats fur. The cat meowed and purred as it enjoyed the girls touch. Then the girl said, Thank you for letting me please pat your cat. The cat started to purr louder and smiled at the girl, before happily running away.Once there was a little boy named Tom who wanted to play outside. He asked his mom if he could go on an adventure in his jeep. His mom said he could, but only if he kept his jeep clean. Tom happily ran outside and hopped into his jeep. He revved up the engine and the jeep started to move. Tom drove around the backyard, around the trees and down the driveway, going faster and faster. But, as he drove around, Tom didnt care about keeping his jeep clean. Soon it was covered with mud and dirt. Toms mom saw him from the kitchen window and demanded that Tom stop driving and clean up his jeep. Tom grumbled, but went to get the hose and some soap. Tom worked hard with the hose and soap, and soon his jeep was no longer dirty. With his jeep clean and shiny, Tom could go outside and have more adventures.One evening, Daisy looked outside her window and saw a big, bright moon. She was so excited that she skipped outside with her special polishing cloth. Daisy wanted to make the moon sparkle and shine so she used gentle strokes to polish the moons surface. Every time Daisy moved her cloth, the moon twinkled even brighter in the sky. When Daisy was finished, the moon was glowing so brightly she had to use her hands to protect her eyes. Daisy smiled with joy and she decided to polish the moon every night.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to sleep with her pillow every night. One day, Lilys daddy washed her pillow and it felt unusual to her. She didnt like it because it felt different from her usual pillow. Lily cried and said, Daddy, my pillow doesnt feel right. Its unusual and I dont like it. Daddy said, Oh no, Im sorry. Let me remind you that its still your pillow, it just got cleaned. It will feel better soon. Lily felt better after daddy reminded her and she hugged her pillow tightly. From that day on, she remembered that sometimes things can feel unusual, but it doesnt mean they are bad.Once upon a time, a little girl named Lily went to the park with her mommy. She saw a pretty white butterfly flying around and wanted to catch it. She ran after it, but it was too fast for her. Suddenly, she saw a man in a black robe sitting on a bench. Her mommy told her that he was a judge. Lily didnt understand what that meant, but she saw that he had a gavel, which she thought was a toy hammer. She went up to the judge and showed him her butterfly net. He smiled and said, You can catch that butterfly if youre quick enough! Lily felt happy and ran off to try again. She finally caught the butterfly and showed it to the judge. He said, Well done, little one! and Lily felt proud of herself.Tom and Mia were twins who liked to play in the park. They had a lot of toys and clothes because their parents were wealthy. They did not like to share with other kids. One day, they saw a new boy in the park. He had a red jacket with a zipper. Tom and Mia wanted the jacket. They ran to the boy and tried to pull the zipper. Hey, stop that! the boy said. This is my jacket. Go away! No, we want it! Tom and Mia said. We have more toys and clothes than you. You have to give it to us! The boy did not want to give his jacket. He zipped it up and ran away. Tom and Mia chased him. They were angry and mean. A lady saw them and came to help. She was the boys mom. She hugged the boy and said, Are you okay, Ben? What happened? Those kids tried to take my jacket, Ben said. They said they were wealthy and I had to give it to them. Thats not nice, the lady said. You dont have to give your jacket to anyone. Its yours. And being wealthy doesnt make you better than others. Its how you treat people that matters. She looked at Tom and Mia and said, You should be ashamed of yourselves. You should apologize to Ben and learn to share and be kind. Tom and Mia felt sorry. They realized they were wrong. They said sorry to Ben and asked if they could play with him. Ben said yes. They became friends and played in the park. They learned to share and be kind. They also learned that zippers are fun to zip and unzip.Once upon a time, there was a happy boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his toys and run around outside. One day, he went to the park and saw a big group of kids playing soccer. Timmy watched them from a distant and thought it looked like fun. Suddenly, one of the players kicked the ball towards Timmy. Timmy was scared at first, but then he kicked the ball back and everyone cheered! They all celebrated together and Timmy felt so happy. From that day on, Timmy practiced every day and became a great soccer player. He made lots of new friends and they celebrated together after every game. Timmy was so grateful for the day he first watched those players and decided to join in on the fun.Once upon a time, there was a little girl called Jess. Jess loved to spend time in her bedroom, which was filled with cool things. On her wall she had a cool mirror. She loved to stand in front of the mirror and look at herself. She would smile and make funny faces at its reflection. Jess spent so much time in front of the mirror, that it almost seemed like the mirror was her best friend. She liked to look at her beautiful dresses and pretend she was at a special party. Jess also liked to talk to the mirror, and it always seemed like the mirror was listening. When Jess was tired, she liked to look into the mirror and tell herself a story. She would make up adventures and tell the mirror all about them. Jess loved spending time in front of the cool mirror. She knew it was her special friend.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys all day long. One day, she found an old clock in her grandmas house. It was big and round, and it had a humble sound. Lily asked her grandma, Can I play with this clock, please? Her grandma replied, Of course, my dear. But be careful with it. So, Lily took the clock and played with it. She loved the sound it made every hour. Suddenly, the clock stopped ticking. Lily was sad and asked her grandma, What happened to the clock? Her grandma said, Its broken, my dear. Lets take it to the repair shop. So, they took the clock to the shop, and the repairman fixed it. When they got back home, Lily was happy again. She said, Thank you, grandma. Now I can play with my clock again! And they both laughed happily ever after.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to eat cauliflower, but he always made a big, messy mess when he ate it. His mommy would always tell him to try to eat it neatly, but he just couldnt do it. One day, Timmy went to visit his grandma. She showed him a beautiful vase that she had just polished. Timmy asked her what polish meant, and she explained that it meant to make something shiny and clean. Later that day, Timmys grandma made him some cauliflower for dinner. Timmy remembered what she had said about polishing and decided to try to eat it neatly. To his surprise, it was much easier to eat and he didnt make a big, messy mess. When Timmy went back home, his mommy was so proud of him for eating his cauliflower neatly. She told him that its important to try new things and to always do his best. Timmy felt happy and proud of himself for learning something new.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She lived with her parent in a small house in the forest. One day, Lily and her parent went for a walk in the forest. They saw many animals like squirrels, rabbits, and birds. Lilys parent said, Lets play a game! I will guess which animal is behind this tree. Lily said, I want to guess too! So they played the game and had lots of fun. But then, they got lost in the forest. Lilys parent tried to find the way back home, but they couldnt. They were so miserable because they were hungry and tired. Suddenly, they heard a loud noise. It was a bear! The bear was angry and chased them. Lilys parent tried to protect her, but the bear was too strong. Sadly, they didnt make it back home that day.Once upon a time there was a dog named Max. Max was a very happy dog who enjoyed playing in the garden. One day, Max was playing and wearing his collar. His collar was bright blue and sparkly. Suddenly, Max spotted a small mouse eating something tasty in the garden. He knew it was wrong but he just had to have a taste. He walked up to the mouse and told him that he wanted to try the tasty food. So the mouse let Max have a tiny bite. Max loved it so much that he asked the mouse if he could have more. The mouse said no and ran away. But Max didnt mind at all. His collar sparkled in the sun and he was happy. He was so happy he even began to sing. The end.Tim and Sam were twins who liked to play outside. One day, they saw a big cane in the snow. It was shiny and red and had a hook at the end. They wanted to touch it and see what it was. They ran to the cane and grabbed it. It was very cold and icy. They felt a sharp pain in their hands. They looked and saw little teeth marks. The cane was not a cane, but a snake! It was hiding in the snow and bit them when they touched it. They screamed and dropped the snake. They ran back to their house and told their mom what happened. She was very scared and angry. She wrapped their hands in a cloth and took them to the doctor. The doctor gave them some medicine and said they would be okay. Tim and Sam learned a lesson. They should not touch things they do not know. They should be careful when they play outside. They should listen to their mom and stay away from snakes.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play dress up with her friends. One day, Lily and her friends decided to play a game of superheroes. Lily wanted to be a superhero with a yellow mask. Her friend, Timmy, said, I dont have a yellow mask, but I have a red one. Lily replied, Thats okay, I can twist my yellow scarf into a mask. Lily twisted her scarf and put it on her face. She looked like a superhero with a yellow mask. Her friends were amazed and they all played together happily ever after.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had long, pretty hair that she loved very much. One day, Lilys mom said it was time for a haircut. Lily didnt want a haircut because she was afraid her hair would break and she wouldnt look pretty anymore. But her mom promised her that she would still look beautiful. At the hair salon, Lilys hairdresser was very generous and kind. She gave Lily a lollipop and told her how pretty she looked with her new haircut. But when they got home, Lily looked in the mirror and saw that her hair was shorter than she wanted. She started crying and said that her hair was broken. Her mom hugged her and explained that hair cant really break like a toy, but it can be cut. She also told her that its okay to be sad about things that change, but that change can be good too. Lily realized that her hair still looked pretty and that she didnt need long hair to be beautiful. The moral of the story is that sometimes change can be scary, but it can also be good.Far away in a far away land, a wise and old king was too tired to rule. So he decided to put a question to his people he wanted to know who was the wisest. Many people tried to answer, but no one knew the right answer. Then a little boy stepped up and said he knew the answer. Everyone was shocked and the king demanded to know the answer. The little boy said that the wisest person was the king. Everyone laughed at this, but the king was not amused. He demanded an answer that was not himself. The boy was sad and could not think of any other answer. The king grew angry and demanded that the boy leave the land. So the little boy had to go away and was never seen again. All because of one wrong answer.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. He loved to play with his toy cars and trucks. One day, he took his favorite truck outside to play with it. He drove it around the yard and pretended it was driving on a big road. Suddenly, Timmy accidentally drove his truck into a big pile of rocks. The truck got wrecked and Timmy started to cry. His mom came outside to see what had happened. Dont worry, Timmy, said his mom. We can fix your truck. But first, lets pray that everything will be okay. Timmy and his mom said a little prayer together. Then, they went inside to get some tools to fix the truck. It was easy to fix, and soon Timmy was back outside playing with his truck again. The moral of the story is that when things go wrong, its important to stay calm and ask for help. Praying can help us feel better and give us the strength to face our problems. And sometimes, fixing things can be easier than we think.Once upon a time, there was a thief. He was very naughty and did not behave. He sneaked around and took things that did not belong to him. One night, the thief saw a nice house with a very shiny window. Though the window was expensive, the thief did not care. He broke the window with a stone and reached his hand in. Just then, a big dog saw the thief and started to bark. The thief ran away as fast as he could. He did not even bother to take the cheap things inside the house. The neighbours heard the dog barking and called the police. They arrived soon afterwards and caught the thief. The police were very mad at the thief and told him off for not behaving. Moral of the story Be good and behave. Donât be a thief!Once upon a time, there was a good boy named Timmy. Timmy always listened to his mommy and daddy. He was obedient. One day, Timmys mommy gave him a present. It was a toy car. Timmy loved his present so much that he played with it all day long. But then, it was time for Timmy to go to bed. Before he went to sleep, his mommy told him to wash his hands and face. Timmy went to the bathroom and washed his hands and face very well. After he finished washing, Timmy went to bed with his present next to him. He fell asleep with a big smile on his face. The end.John was a cute little three year old with a big imagination. When he was tired, he liked to take a nap. After he woke up from his nap, he was full of energy. John loved playing sports. He enjoyed playing football, basketball and baseball. His favorite was baseball because he could hit the ball and run around the bases. John really wanted to make a team. He asked all the kids in the neighbourhood if they wanted to join his team, but none of them said yes. John was disappointed. Then one day, John looked out his window and saw a tiny puppy running around outside. It was so cute and it looked like it wanted to join Johns team. John named the puppy Basketball and he was so excited to have a teammate. John and Basketball played together every day. They played tag, they rode bikes and they even played baseball. They had so much fun! John was so happy to have a best friend and after a fun day of playing sports, they both took a nap together.Once upon a time, there was a beautiful cat named Velvet. Velvet loved to play and run in the sun. One day, Velvet saw a big red ball in the yard. She wanted to play with it, but she had to hurry because it was getting late. Velvet ran fast to catch the ball. She played with the ball, rolling it and jumping on it. The sun was going down, and Velvet knew she had to go home soon. But she loved the ball so much, she wanted to play just a little bit more. Finally, it was time for Velvet to go home. She hurried back to her house, but when she got there, she saw a big surprise. Her family had a new red ball just like the one in the yard! Velvet was so happy she could play with the red ball every day. And from that day on, Velvet and her family played with the beautiful red ball together.Tom and Lily are playing with their toys in the garden. They have a big box of cars, trains, boats and planes. Tom likes the planes best. He picks up a shiny orange plane and makes it fly in the air. Look, Lily, this is my plane. It is very fast and loud. Vroom, vroom! Tom says. Lily looks at the orange plane and smiles. She likes the color. She has a pink plane in her hand. She makes it fly too. Your plane is nice, Tom. But my plane is nicer. It is very pretty and quiet. Shhh, shhh! Lily says. Tom and Lily fly their planes together. They have fun. But then, Tom has an idea. He wants to play a game. Lets play a game, Lily. My plane is a fighter plane. It can strike your plane. Bang, bang! Tom says. He moves his plane closer to Lilys plane. He pretends to shoot at it. Lily does not like the game. She does not want her plane to be struck. No, Tom, dont strike my plane. That is not nice. That is mean. Stop it, stop it! Lily says. She moves her plane away from Toms plane. She tries to protect it. But Tom does not stop. He chases Lilys plane. He laughs. Ha, ha, I got you, Lily. Your plane is down. My plane is the winner. Yay, yay! Tom says. He strikes Lilys plane with his plane. He makes a loud noise. Lilys plane falls to the ground. Lily is sad. She cries. Tom, you broke my plane. You are a bad boy. I dont want to play with you. Go away, go away! Lily says. She picks up her plane and runs to the house. She wants to show her mom. Tom is left alone in the garden. He looks at his plane and his face. He feels sorry. Lily, wait, Im sorry. I didnt mean to break your plane. I just wanted to play. Please come back, please come back! Tom says. But Lily does not hear him. She is gone. Tom wishes he had not struck her plane. He wishes he had been nice. He wishes he had a friend.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy was very sad because his mommy had to go to work and he had to stay home. He wanted to go to the park and play with his friends. Timmy went to check the mailbox and found a letter from his grandma. She sent him a toy car! Timmy was so happy and forgot about his sadness. He played with his new car for a while, but then he got bored. Timmy went to his mommy and complained that he was bored. His mommy said they could go to the park after she got home from work. Timmy was happy again and waited for his mommy to come home. When she did, they went to the park and had lots of fun. Timmy was no longer a poor, sad boy.Once upon a time there was a fairy named Fara. Fara had a very special power she could cast spells. One day Fara was feeling sleepy and started flying around. She didnt know where she was going, but she wanted to explore the world. She flew until she spotted a small cottage. Inside she found a little girl called Luce. Luce was very brave and decided to dare Fara to cast a spell. Fara accepted the challenge and tried to think of a spell. Finally, she had an idea Fara said words very gently, until Luce felt very sleepy. Then Fara flew away, leaving Luce nice and comfy in her bed. When Luce woke up she remembered the spell Fara had cast and she smiled.Once upon a time, there was a smelly dog named Max. Max loved to play outside and roll in the mud. His owner, Sarah, would give him a bath every day but Max didnt like it. One day, Max decided to run away from home. Max went to the park and saw some kids playing a quiz game. Max wanted to play too, so he ran over to them. But the kids didnt like the smelly dog and told him to go away. Max was sad and didnt know what to do. Then, a man came to the park and saw Max. The man offered to serve Max some food and Max was happy. But the man was actually a bad person and gave Max some poisoned food. Max got very sick and had to go to the hospital. Sadly, Max didnt make it and passed away.Sara was a nosy goat who liked to poke her horn into everything. She wanted to know what was inside every box, every bag, and every hole. She did not listen to her mom or dad, who told her to be careful and respectful. One day, Sara saw a big shiny ball in the barn. It was glowing with many colors. Sara was very curious. She ran to the ball and tried to touch it with her horn. But the ball was not a ball. It was a bee hive! As soon as Sara touched the hive, the bees came out and buzzed angrily. They stung Sara on her nose, her ears, and her tail. Sara cried out in pain and ran away. She looked for her mom and dad, who were grazing in the field. Mom and dad saw Sara and ran to her. They licked her wounds and comforted her. They told her that the hive was not a toy, but a home for the bees. They said that Sara should not be so nosy and should respect other animals things. Sara learned her lesson. She apologized to the bees and to her mom and dad. She promised to be more careful and respectful. She also learned that some things that glow are not always good to touch.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved drinking juice. His mommy would always add some water to make it not too sweet. One day, Timmy went to the fair with his mommy. He saw lots of rides and games. Timmy wanted to play a game where he could win a big teddy bear. His mommy gave him some money to play. Timmy played and played, but he didnt win. He was sad and cried a lot. When they got home, Timmy asked his mommy for some juice. She added water to make it not too sweet. But Timmy didnt want it. He threw the cup on the floor and it broke. His mommy was very angry and didnt give him any more juice. Timmy went to bed without any juice and felt very sad.One morning, Tom woke up feeling excited. He had an idea! He ran to his mama and said, Mama, can I get yarn? His mama said, Why do you want yarn Tom? Tom replied, âœI want to set a trap for a monster. I will make it out of green yarn.â His mama smiled and said, âœYes, Tom. You can set a trap with green yarn. But, make sure you donât get too close to the monster.â Tom didnât want to scare the monster away. So, he moved slowly and carefully placed the green yarn in a circle. He hoped it would be enough to trap the monster. When the monster came by, he stepped into the green yarn and got stuck in it. The monster shouted, âœHelp! Someone get me out of here!â Tom laughed and said, âœDonât worry. Iâm here to help you.â He gently unravelled the yarn and the monster was free. Tom was so happy hed caught the monster. He didnt know setting a trap with green yarn would work so well!The sun was warm and the ocean was calm. A little boat was floating in the deep blue water. On the boat was a girl who was 3 years old. She looked around and saw the ocean all around her. She smiled and whispered, This is beautiful. Suddenly, the girl heard a roar. She looked around and saw a big boat racing across the waves. She was scared, but then she heard a friendly voice from the boat. Ahoy there! Would you like to come for a ride? The girl nodded and hopped onto the boat. As the boat raced across the sea, she felt the wind in her hair and the roar of the engine beneath her feet. It made her laugh and she clapped her hands. After a few minutes, the boat came to a stop. The girl looked around and saw that they had reached the deepest part of the ocean. She smiled and said, Thank you for the adventure!â Then the big boat roared away, leaving the little girl in the deep blue sea.Once upon a time there was a brilliant tiger. He was very proud of himself and his abilities. He thought he was the best at everything he did. One day he went to the jungle, looking for something to do. He noticed a motion in the leaves and he went to investigate. To his surprise, he found a little rabbit. The tiger spoke to the rabbit. What are you doing here? he asked. The rabbit replied, Im here to serve the animals of the jungle. I help them with food, shelter, and anything else they need. The tiger laughed. You cant do a lot with those tiny arms and legs! The rabbit smiled. Its true that my body is small. But I will do what I can to serve others. Thats really all that matters. Its not about how much you can do. Its about how much you give. The tiger was impressed. He realized that it was not just about being brilliant. Serving others was also important. He thanked the rabbit for showing him the right way. The moral of this story is that being helpful and generous is more important than being brilliant. When we serve others, we can make the world a better place.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Emma. She had long, silky brown hair and the bluest of eyes. One day, Emma decided to play a game. She laid down flat on the ground in the garden and tried to match her shadow with the leaves. Suddenly, her big brother showed up and said, Emma what foolish game are you playing? Matching your shadow with leaves? Thats silly! Emma smiled and replied, No its not silly! Im matching my shadow like it matches the leaves. See how my feet match the leaf! Im matching my shadow! Her big brother smiled and laughed. Ok, ok Emma. But dont stay outside too long. We dont want you getting too much sun. Emma thanked her brother and laughed. She laid down flat on the ground and continued matching her shadow to the leaves. She was so silly and it made her big brother laugh. The sun shone countless times and the garden glowed with laughter. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy liked to play with his toys all day long. One day, his mom asked him to clean up his room and put all his toys in the bin. Timmy didnt want to do it because he was having too much fun playing. But then, his mom explained that it was important to be honest and do what she asked. Timmy thought about it and decided to quit playing for a little while and clean up his toys. It was hard work, but he felt proud of himself when he was done. From then on, Timmy learned that sometimes its important to quit playing and do what needs to be done. And when he was honest and did what his mom asked, he felt really good inside. The end.Once upon a time, there was a man who rode a motorcycle. He loved to ride it fast and feel the wind in his hair. One day, he saw a delicate flower on the side of the road. He wanted to pick it, but he didnt want to stop his motorcycle. So, he tried to reach for it while he was still riding. But, he lost control and fell off his motorcycle. He hurt himself badly and couldnt get up. He tried to call for help, but no one could hear him. He felt sad and alone. He shrugged his shoulders and wished he had been more careful. Sadly, he never got help and eventually passed away. The delicate flower he wanted to pick was the last thing he saw before he closed his eyes forever.Once upon a time, there was an imaginative little boy. He spent hours drawing pictures with pencils and crayons. He liked to design things, and especially loved to draw pictures of fairies. He used colours like yellow, red, and blue but his favourite colour was green. The boys mother noticed how often he drew fairies and decided to surprise him one day. With the help of her friend, a local tailor, she made a beautiful green dress, like something a fairy would wear. She knew the boy would be so excited to see it. On the morning of his birthday, the little boy opened a present and couldnt believe his eyes. He gasped in amazement and said, Mommy, its a green dress just like a fairy would wear! Thank you, I love it! He was so excited to show it to his friends, and especially to the other children, who watched in awe with their big eyes. The little boy was so grateful for the beautiful dress. He was now sure that he would have the best dreams filled with fairies wearing the perfect green dress that he had designed.Once upon a time, a calm symbol changed. It was very big and sparkly and she wanted to take it home. So she carefully picked it up, and it made her feel warm and happy. She looked at it every day and noticed that its colour had changed. The symbol got brighter and brighter until it was blinding in the sun. She smiled because she knew that it was changing for the better. She decided to take the symbol to show her friends. When she arrived, they were all surprised. They said she was very brave for bringing such a calm symbol to show them. The friends were inspired by her courage, and the symbol was a reminder of how far they had come. They were ready for their next big adventure!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved playing outside, but it was very cold outside. Her mom told her to put on her gloves so she wouldnt get cold. Lily looked for her gloves, but she couldnt find them. She asked her mom where they were. I dont know, her mom said. Did you put them away? Lily felt ashamed because she forgot to put them away after playing outside the day before. Im sorry, she said. Ill put them away next time. Her mom smiled and gave her a warm hug. Its okay, she said. Lets go find your gloves together. They searched the house and finally found the gloves under the couch. Lily put them on and happily went outside to play.Ben and Mia are playing in the park. They see a big dog with a long tail and a red collar. The dog is barking and running around. Ben and Mia like dogs, so they go to pet the dog. Hello, doggy! Ben says. You are so cute and fluffy! Can we give you some water? Mia asks. You must be thirsty! They find a fountain and fill a cup with water. They bring the cup to the dog and hold it out. The dog sniffs the cup and then drinks the water. He wags his tail and licks Ben and Mias faces. Thank you, kids! a voice says. Ben and Mia look up and see a man with a hat and a badge. He is holding a leash. You are very kind and helpful. This is my dog, Rex. He is a police dog. He helps me catch bad people who break the law. What is the law? Ben asks. The law is a set of rules that everyone must follow to be good and safe, the man says. For example, the law says you must not steal, or hurt, or lie. Oh, I see, Ben says. We follow the law at home and at school. We share, and say sorry, and tell the truth. Thats very good, the man says. You are smart and good kids. Do you want to pet Rex some more? Yes, please! Mia says. She and Ben stroke Rexs fur and ears. Rex barks happily. Suddenly, they hear a loud noise. They see a car speeding on the road. The car is ugly and dirty. It has a broken window and a dent. The man with the hat and the badge frowns. Thats a bad car, he says. The people in that car are breaking the law. They stole the car and they are driving too fast. They are dangerous. I have to stop them. Come on, Rex! He clips the leash to Rexs collar and runs to his own car. He turns on the siren and the lights. He drives after the bad car. Rex barks loudly. Wow! Ben says. Thats so cool! Be careful! Mia says. We hope you catch the bad people! Ben and Mia wave to the man and Rex as they zoom away. They hope they will see them again. They think Rex is the best dog ever. They go back to playing in the park. They follow the law and have fun.Once upon a time, there was a friendly swan who lived in a big lake. The swan was always happy and loved to play with the other animals. One day, a little girl came to the lake and saw the swan. She wanted to play with the swan, but she didnt know how to swim. The swan saw that the little girl wanted to play, so he swam over to her and let her hold onto his feathers. He took her for a ride around the lake, and they had so much fun together. When it was time for the little girl to go home, she hugged the swan and said thank you for being her friend. The swan was happy to have made a new friend and felt good for helping the little girl. From that day on, the swan and the little girl would play together every time she came to the lake. The moral of the story is that its always good to be friendly and help others, because it can make them happy and feel thankful.Susie was happy. She went to the cold field with her mom. The sun was shining, the wind was whispers around them. What are we going to do here mom? asked Susie. We are going to use this field. We will pick some flowers, her mom said. Susie looked around and saw that there were no flowers in the field. Where are the flowers mom? The flowers might not bloom yet, its still too cold. We just have to wait, said her mom. Susie was disappointed. She wanted to find some flowers now. But she saw her mom was sad too. Susie had an idea. She gave her mom a hug and said, Lets pick some grass. We can use it for something later. Her mom smiled and said, Thats a great idea! We can make a little basket out of it. So the two of them picked the grass. They made their basket and took it home. It was a happy ending for both of them.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. He had a big dog named Max. Max was very hungry and Timmy wanted to feed him. Timmy went to the store to buy some dog food. The store owner said the price was high, but Timmy wanted to make sure Max had good food. When Timmy got home, Max was very happy to see the food. Timmy opened the bag and gave Max some food. Max loved it! Timmy was happy to see Max eat. Timmys mom came in and asked, Did you buy the original dog food? Timmy said, Yes, I did. Max likes it a lot. His mom smiled and said, Good job, Timmy. You are a great dog owner.Once upon a time, there was a little bunny named Benny. Benny loved to play soccer with his friends in the forest. One day, Bennys team was losing the game. They needed to score a goal to win. Benny was very sad. Suddenly, Benny had an idea. He decided to prevent the other team from scoring a goal. He ran very fast and kicked the ball away from the other team. Bennys team got the ball and they scored a goal! They won the game! Benny was very happy, but he was also modest. He didnt want to brag about his great idea. He just smiled and hugged his friends. From that day on, Bennys friends called him the Soccer Hero. Benny felt very proud and happy.Once upon a time, there was a little girl called Sarah. Sarah loved the fall time, it was her favourite time of year. One special day, Sarah was looking out her window and it was very beautiful outside. All the trees were turning yellow and orange, and the leaves were falling. Sarah wanted to send some of the leaves to her friends as a surprise. So she opened up the window and carefully started to pick up some of the fallen leaves. Just then, her mommy came in the room with a big smile. Mommy What are you up to Sarah? Sarah I am sending leaves to my friends. Mommy That is so sweet, but how will you send them? Sarah looked around the room and saw her toy mail box. Sarah I can put the leaves in this box and give it to my friends! Sarah carefully put the leaves in the mail box and gave it to all of her friends. They all loved it, and it was such a great way to share the beauty of fall with them all.One day, a little boy named Tim went to play near the water. He liked to throw stones in the water and watch the splash. Tim saw a frog near the water too. The frog was jumping and playing around. Tim wanted to play with the frog, so he went closer. Tim did not know that the frog did not like to be bothered. He was ignorant about it. The frog saw Tim coming and decided to teach him a lesson. The frog jumped into the water and started to splash Tim with water. Tim got all wet, but he started to laugh. Tim and the frog started to play together in the water. They splashed each other and had a lot of fun. Tim learned that sometimes, it is okay to be ignorant, because you can make new friends and learn new things.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys all day long. One day, Lilys mom gave her a soft teddy bear to play with. Lily hugged the teddy bear and played with it all day long. But then, Lily accidentally dropped her glass of juice on the teddy bear. The teddy bear was all wet and sticky. Lily was sad and said, Mommy, my teddy bear is broken. Can you fix it? Lilys mom smiled and said, Dont worry, Lily. I can fix it. She took the teddy bear and washed it with soap and water. Then, she put it in the dryer to make it soft again. When the teddy bear was dry, Lily hugged it tightly and said, Thank you, Mommy. You fixed my teddy bear. From that day on, Lily learned to be more careful with her glass of juice. And whenever something got broken, she knew that her mommy could fix it.Tom and Lily were twins. They liked to play outside in the sun. One day, they found a pair of sunglasses on the ground. They were big and shiny and had stars on them. Tom and Lily thought they were interesting. They decided to take turns wearing the sunglasses. Tom put them on first. He felt cool and smart. He said to Lily, Look at me, I am a star! Lily said, No, you are not. Give me the sunglasses, it is my turn! Tom said, No, I want to wear them more. They are mine! They started to fight over the sunglasses. They did not see the big dog that was running towards them. The dog was angry and hungry. It saw the sunglasses and thought they were a toy. It jumped on Tom and Lily and tried to grab the sunglasses. Tom and Lily screamed and cried. They let go of the sunglasses and ran away. The dog took the sunglasses and ran away too. Tom and Lily were hurt and scared. They had scratches and bites on their arms and legs. They ran to their mom and told her what happened. Their mom was worried and angry. She said, You should not have taken the sunglasses. They were not yours. You should have shared and played nicely. Now you are in trouble and the dog has the sunglasses. You are not stars, you are silly! She took them to the doctor and gave them a hug. Tom and Lily were sorry and sad. They learned a lesson. They never fought over sunglasses again.Lily and Max are friends who like to play in the park. They admire the big kids who can run fast and jump high. They want to be like them when they grow up. One day, they see a sign that says Exercise Class. They think it is a fun game where they can learn to run fast and jump high. They follow the sign and join the class. But the class is not what they expect. It is hard and boring. The teacher makes them do pushups, situps, and squats. They do not like it at all. They want to play and have fun. Max, this is not a game. This is work. I do not want to do this anymore. Lets go back to the park. Lily says. But Lily, we have to finish the class. Maybe then we can run fast and jump high like the big kids. We have to try. Max says. No, Max. This is not fun. This is silly. Come on, lets go. Lily says. She grabs Maxs hand and pulls him away from the class. The teacher sees them and shouts. Hey, where are you going? You have to stay and finish the exercise. It is good for you. Come back here! But Lily and Max do not listen. They run away as fast as they can. They go back to the park and play with their toys. They are happy and free. They do not need to do the exercise class. They can run fast and jump high in their own way. They admire each other and their own skills. They are the best friends ever.Once upon a time, there was a peaceful port where boats would come and go. The people who lived there were happy and kind. But one day, a mean pirate came to the port. He wanted to destroy everything and take all the treasure. The people of the port tried to stop the pirate, but he was too strong. He destroyed all the boats and took all the treasure. The people were sad and scared. The moral of the story is that we should always try to be kind and help others, even when itâs hard. And we should never let mean people destroy what we love.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved playing outside in the garden. One day, she saw a huge butterfly flying around. Lily wanted to touch it, but her mom said, Be careful, Lily. Butterflies are delicate. Later that day, Lily felt an itch on her arm. She scratched and scratched, but it wouldnt go away. Her mom said, Lily, you must be careful what you touch. Some things can make you itch. Lily learned that day that even though something might look pretty or interesting, its important to be careful and not touch it if it could hurt you. She promised to always listen to her moms advice and be safe.Once upon a time there was a large pony. The pony lived in a field near a big hill. Every day the pony grazed in the field and was happy. Then one day it began to rain. The pony snuggled under a bush to keep warm and dry. After a while the rain stopped and the sky cleared. The pony went into the field and rolled in the wet grass. When it was done it looked so big and shiny. The pony stayed in the field until the sun set behind the big hill. Then it trotted back home and went to sleep.Once upon a time, there was a messy dog named Spot. He loved to dig and bury his bones in the yard. One sunny day, Spot found a big, juicy bone. He was so happy and couldnt wait to bury it. Spot dug a big hole in the yard and put the bone inside. Then, he covered it with dirt. Now, I will wait until later to eat my bone, he thought. Spot went to play with his friend, a little bird named Chirpy. Chirpy saw the messy dirt and asked, Spot, what did you do? Spot told Chirpy about the bone he buried. Chirpy smiled and said, Thats a great idea! Now your bone will be safe. Spot and Chirpy played all day, and when the sun went down, Spot dug up his bone and enjoyed his tasty treat.Once upon a time, a little girl named Lily had her birthday. She was very happy and excited because she was going to have a big party with all her friends. She wanted to have a big cake and lots of balloons. But when her mom went to buy the balloons, she found out they were all sold out. Lily was sad and started to cry. Her dad tried to cheer her up and said, Dont worry, we can still have fun. Lets play a game where we fly like birds! Lily loved the idea and started to flap her arms like wings. Her dad was very flexible and could do lots of tricks. He showed Lily how to do a somersault in the air. Lily tried and tried, but she couldnt do it. She started to cry again and said, I cant do it! This is the worst birthday ever! Her dad hugged her and said, Its okay to feel frustrated, but we can keep trying until we get it right. And remember, even if we cant fly like birds, we can still have fun together. Lily smiled and hugged her dad back. They spent the rest of the day playing and laughing together.Mommy, I want to swing! said the three year old. You need to hold on tight and trust your reliable lungs! said mom. The three year old grabbed the rope and with moms help pulled herself onto the swing. She pushed off and away she went, swinging higher and higher. The three year old felt so free, it was like she was flying! The wind tickling her face and passing through her hair. Look mom, no hands! exclaimed the three year old. Oh my! Now make sure to use your reliable lungs and hold on tight, ok? said mom with a smile. The three year old couldnt help but laugh and smile. She never wanted the moment to end.Once there was a little girl who was scared of the dark. Every night, she heard an alarm that made her trembling in her bed. As she was getting older, she wanted to be brave and not be scared anymore. One night, she asked her mom if she could turn off the alarm. She trusted her mom, so she knew it was okay. She jumped out of bed and carefully tiptoed over to the alarm. She was so brave! She slowly put her hand over the alarm and with a deep breath, she turned it off. There was no noise just peaceful silence! She smiled, feeling proud that she was brave enough to do this all by herself. Before she went back to bed, she saw a nasty, dirty sock under her bed. She quickly put it in the laundry and went back to bed with a feeling of trust in herself.Once there was a boy and he was three years old. One day he went for a bike ride with his dad. Before they could go, his dad showed him his helmet. It was gray. The boy wanted to wear it. He tried it on and it fit just right. Then they went on their ride. The boy had so much fun and the helmet kept him safe the whole time. At the end of the ride, his dad showed him how to take off his helmet. The dad said the helmet was very important and it was there to keep him safe. The boy said he would always wear his helmet when he went for a ride. He thanked his dad for showing him what to do.John was a 3 yearold boy who loved to explore outside. One day, as he was walking along, he discovered something very strange. It looked like a wire, but it was pretty! He wondered what it could be used for. He asked his mom, What is this? That, my dear, is a wire, she said. John was intrigued. He went on to explore and discover how the wire could be used. He soon found out that it could be used to hang things on the wall, such as pictures and decorations. He was so happy with his discovery, he ran inside and found some pretty decorations to hang on the wall with the wire. John was so proud of his discovery. He knew he had learned something new, and felt very proud of himself. He smiled with delight each time he looked at his finished work. It was a pretty sight!One day, a tall girl named Lily went to play outside. She liked to skip and jump in the sun. She had a lot of fun when she played. Lily saw her mom doing yoga in the park. Her mom moved her body in funny ways. Lily thought it looked fun, so she wanted to try it too. Lily tried to do yoga like her mom. She bent her body and tried to stand on one foot. She wobbled and giggled. Then, Lily skipped back home with her mom. They were happy and had a fun day.One day, a boy named Tim went to the park with his mom. They saw a big, thick tree and sat down under it. Tim looked around and noticed a dessert stand nearby. He asked his mom, Can we get dessert? His mom said, Yes, but only one. So, Tim went to the stand and got a big ice cream cone. He was very happy. As Tim walked back to his mom, he tripped on a rock and dropped his ice cream. It fell on the ground and was all dirty. Tim started to cry. His mom came over and said, Im sorry, Tim. We cant get another one today. Tim was very sad, and they went home.Once there was a little girl. She was only 3 years old. All she wanted was to have fun. One day, she saw a warm butterfly. She didnt know what it was. She was so curious, so she followed it. The butterfly flew around in circles until it landed on a flower. The little girl was full of joy! She ran up to the butterfly and said hello. The butterfly was friendly too. The girl knew she had found a new friend. She was so happy and said goodbye with big hug. The butterfly flew away and the girl watched it until it was out of sight. The girl was sad to see it go, but she knew she would never forget that warm butterfly.Once upon a time, there were two friends a boy and a girl. They loved to play together and have fun. But one day, they started to quarrel over a toy. The boy wanted to play with it, but the girl didnt want to share. As they were arguing, they heard a loud crack. They looked around and saw that the toy had broken into two pieces. They both felt sad and didnt know what to do. But then the boy had an idea. He suggested that they could take turns playing with the toy. The girl thought that was a polite thing to do, so they agreed. From that day on, they played together happily and never quarreled again.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Sarah. She had never seen a ship before and was full of curiosity. She asked her mom, âœMommy, what is a ship?â Her mom smiled and said, âœA ship is a big boat that rushes through the water.â Sarah was excited and said, âœCan I see one?â So, the mom and Sarah went to the harbor, and Sarah saw a giant ship in the distance. She was so embarrassed that she hid behind her momâs skirt. But her mom said, âœItâs OK, Sarah.â The ship began to rush off quickly and Sarah was in awe. She felt much braver and ran out from her hiding spot, shouting and clapping. Her mom was also happy and clapped her hands too. Sarah felt proud of herself because she was brave enough to rush out and see the ship. Mommy and Sarah both learned a lesson that day itâs OK to be scared, but donât let fear stop you from having fun and exploring new things. You must be brave and rush out of your comfort zone.Once there was a girl named Ellie who loved kicking. Whenever she went outside, she would kick everything in sight, from balls to trees. One day though, she saw something orange on the ground that she hadnt noticed before. She bent down to look closer and saw it was a little package of chocolate! She became excited, so she decided to kick the package. As she did, the wrapper split open and out came the chocolate bar! She couldnt believe it. She was so happy and began eating it right away. Ellie enjoyed the chocolate so much that she kept kicking the ground around her. When she was done, she had even more orange packages of chocolate surrounding her. As she kicked some of them open, she began to share the chocolate with her friends. They all had a great time.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to go on adventures with her mommy and daddy. One day, they went to a car store to buy a new jeep. Lily saw a shiny red jeep and pointed to it. Mommy, daddy, that one! she said. But her parents said, That jeep is too expensive. Lets look for a cheaper one. Lily was sad, but then she saw a blue jeep that was just as cool. Look, mommy, daddy, that one! she said, pointing again. Her parents looked at the blue jeep and agreed that it was a good choice. They bought the jeep and went on a fun adventure together. Lily loved her new jeep and pointed out all the cool things they saw on their trip. Look, mommy, a bird! she said. And a flower! And a tree!Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys, especially her shiny red car. One day, Lily decided to polish her car to make it even shinier. She grabbed a cloth and started rubbing it all over the car. After she finished, Lilys mom gave her a quiz to see if she remembered all the colors of the rainbow. Lily answered all the questions correctly and felt very proud of herself. Later that day, Lilys friend came over to play. She saw the shiny red car and said, I wish I had an original toy like that. Lily felt happy to have such a special toy. But then, while they were playing, Lilys friend accidentally broke the car. Lily was so sad that her special toy was ruined. She cried and cried, but her friend didnt understand why she was so upset. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. He lived in a small house with his mom, dad, and dog, Max. Tim loved to play outside in the wild garden. One day, he found a pipe in the garden. It was a big, old pipe. Tim picked up the pipe and ran to Max. Max, look what I found! he said. Max wagged his tail and barked. Tim thought Max liked the pipe too. So, Tim and Max played with the pipe all day long. They rolled it, hid it, and even tried to make music with it. As the sun went down, Tims mom called him inside. Tim, its time to eat! she yelled. Tim took the pipe with him and showed it to his mom and dad. They smiled and said, Wow, Tim! You own a cool pipe now. You can play with it again tomorrow. Tim was so happy, and he went to bed dreaming of more fun with his pipe and Max in the wild garden.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside and explore the world around her. One day, she saw a big tornado coming towards her house. She was scared and didnt know what to do. But then, her dad came to her and said, Dont worry, Lily. I am here to protect you. I have a reliable plan to keep us safe. And he did. They went to the basement and waited until the tornado passed. After the storm, Lily realized how important it is to have someone reliable in your life. Her dad succeeded in keeping them safe because he was there for her when she needed him the most. From that day on, Lily knew that she could always count on her dad to keep her safe and sound.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to take pictures with her camera. One day, Lily and her friend Jack went to the park to take pictures of the flowers and trees. Jack had a hairy dog named Max who liked to run around. As they were taking pictures, Jack said to Lily, I wish Max didnt have so much hair. Its hard to keep him clean. Lily replied, Maybe we can design a special camera that takes pictures of Max without showing his hair. Jack thought it was a great idea and they started to draw pictures of their camera. After a while, they finished designing their camera and took pictures of Max. The camera worked perfectly and Max looked so cute without his hairy fur. They showed the pictures to Maxs owner who was amazed. From that day on, Lily and Jack became famous for their special camera design.Once upon a time, there was a blue bird who lived in a big tree. One day, the bird saw a little bunny who was sad. The bird felt compassionate and wanted to help the bunny feel better. The bird flew down and sang a song to the bunny. The bunny smiled and began to hop around happily. The other animals in the forest saw what the bird did and began to applaud. The bird was happy to have helped the bunny and felt proud of the applause. From that day on, the bird would sing to any animal who was feeling sad, and the other animals would always applaud.Once upon a time, in a small town, there was a lonely dog named Max. Max did not have any friends to play with. One day, Max went on a walk to search for new friends. While Max was searching, the ground started to shake. It was an earthquake! Max was scared, but he knew he had to be brave. He ran to find a safe place to hide. After the earthquake, Max saw a little girl who was also scared. He went to her and they became friends. They were not lonely anymore. They played together and were happy. And that is how Max found a friend after the earthquake.Tom and Sam are friends. They like to play in the yard. They find a lot of junk in the yard. They make a fort with the junk. They are happy. But then, Ben comes. Ben is mean. He wants to play in the fort too. He does not ask. He pushes Tom and Sam. He takes their junk. He breaks their fort. He laughs. Tom and Sam are sad and angry. They want to get their fort back. They think of a plan. They find a big sign. The sign says Keep Out. They put the sign on the fort. They hide behind a bush. They wait. Ben sees the sign. He does not care. He thinks he is mighty. He goes to the fort. He tries to move the sign. But the sign is heavy. It falls on Ben. It hurts him. He cries. He runs away. Tom and Sam come out. They see Ben is gone. They see their fort is safe. They fix their fort with the junk. They put the sign back. They smile. They are happy. They play in the fort. They are friends.Once upon a time, there was a curious kid named Jake. Jake wanted to explore the universe. One day he said to his mom, Can I explore the universe? His mom said, No, Jake, the universe is very far away. Jake was disappointed. He asked his mom, Why cant I explore the universe? His mom said, Its too big. You cant see it all. Jake seemed sad. But then his mom said, But maybe one day you can go to space, and explore the universe from a rocket! Jake was excited! He couldnt wait. He said, Okay, I will explore the universe one day! His mom smiled. She said, That sounds like a plan, my curious explorer.Lily liked to draw with her pen. She had many colors of pen. She drew flowers and stars and animals on paper. She wanted to show her mom and dad her drawings. She thought they would be happy and proud of her. She had an idea. She found a high place in the living room. It was a shelf where mom and dad put books and photos. She climbed on a chair and put her drawings on the shelf. She wanted to display them like a gallery. She smiled and got down from the chair. She ran to the kitchen where mom and dad were making dinner. She said, Mom, dad, come see what I did! I have a surprise for you! She grabbed their hands and pulled them to the living room. Mom and dad followed Lily. They saw the shelf with the drawings. They also saw something else. The pen had leaked on the shelf and the paper. The colors had dripped on the books and the photos. The shelf was a mess of ink and paper. Mom and dad gasped. Lily looked at them. She saw their faces. They were not happy and proud. They were angry and sad. She felt bad. She said, Im sorry, mom, dad. I wanted to display my drawings. I didnt know the pen would leak. Please dont be mad at me. She started to cry. Mom and dad hugged Lily. They said, Its okay, Lily. We know you didnt mean to make a mess. We love you and your drawings. But next time, please be careful with your pen and where you put your paper. Lets clean up the shelf together and find a better place to display your drawings. They wiped her tears and smiled. Lily nodded and smiled too. She learned a lesson. She still liked to draw with her pen, but she used a lower place to display her drawings.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to ride his bike all around the park. His mom always reminded him to wear his helmet and be careful. One day, Timmy was riding his bike and noticed that his tire was starting to look flat. He didnt want to stop riding, but he knew he should take a break and fix it. He promised himself that he would always check his tires before going for a ride. After fixing his tire, Timmy continued to ride around the park. As he was riding, he saw a big mud puddle. He wanted to ride through it, but he didnt want to get his clothes dirty. He remembered his mom always telling him to keep his clothes clean. So, he decided to ride around the puddle instead. Timmy felt proud of himself for being responsible and keeping his promise to take care of his bike and his clothes. He knew that if he kept being careful, he could have lots of fun riding his bike without any problems.Once upon a time there was a bossy dog named Max. He always wanted things to go his way. He liked to hurry around so that he could get everything done. One day, Max went for a walk with his new friends. They decided to play tag and hurry around the park. They all laughed and had a lot of fun. Max was the fastest runner and he was so bossy! He would tell the others to hurry up and keep up with him. He even tried to teach them his special running style. But, deep down Max was just trying to get the most out of their fun game. He wanted everyone to have as much fun as he did. The others were happy to learn Maxs running style and when they stopped, everyone agreed that they had all had a great time.Once upon a time, a little boy named Timmy was playing with his toys. He had a toy car, a toy train, and a toy airplane. Suddenly, his toy airplane disappeared! Timmy looked everywhere but he couldnt find it. He asked his mommy, Where did my airplane go? His mommy replied, I dont know, it disappeared into the universe. Timmy didnt understand what that meant, but he knew it must be far away. He felt grumpy and sad because he loved that toy airplane. His mommy said, Dont worry, we can buy you a new one. But Timmy didnt want a new one, he wanted his old one back. Then, Timmys daddy came home and asked what was wrong. Timmy told him about his toy airplane disappearing. Daddy said, Lets go look for it together. They searched and searched until finally, they found the toy airplane in a pile of clothes. Timmy was so happy and he hugged his daddy tight. Daddy said, See, it didnt disappear forever. Sometimes things just get lost and we have to look for them.Once upon a time, there was a weird little gold box. No one knew where it came from, but lots of kids wanted to play with it. Whenever somebody picked it up, the box would start to fold itself up. It was a magical box! The kids had so much fun with the box, but soon, they got a little bored of it. Then, one day, they remembered something they could do with it. They could make it into a house! So, they started to fold the box into different shapes and houses. And it kept folding and folding until it was a really big castle! The kids laughed and had fun playing and exploring their castle, and even though nobody knew where the weird gold box had come from, they all knew that everything was better when they had it and that theyâd never forget it it was the best box ever. The End.Once upon a time, there was a boy called Tommy. Tommy was always very careless and he liked to play with his toys all day. One day, Tommys mommy asked him if he wanted to help make a waffle. Tommy said yes! so he and his mommy went to the kitchen. Tommy was so excited that he couldnt wait to try the waffle. But before he got the chance to, Tommy suddenly dropped the waffle on the ground. His mommy said Be careful Tommy! Tommy started to scream as loud as he could. His mommy said No Tommy, that was too careless. Then his mommy gave Tommy a big hug and said Its okay Tommy, dont worry. Mommy will make you a new waffle. Tommy smiled and said thank you. His mommy soon made the waffle with extra care and soon enough Tommy was eating his delicious waffle! The end!Once upon a time, there was a soft bunny who lived near a river. The bunny liked to feel the soft grass under his feet and the warm sun on his face. He would hop around and play by the river all day long. One day, the bunny met a new friend by the river. It was a small duck. The duck liked to swim in the river and feel the cool water on her feathers. The bunny and the duck played together every day. They would run and swim and have lots of fun. As the days went by, the bunny and the duck became best friends. They would always take care of each other and share their toys. They loved to feel the soft grass and the cool river water together. And they lived happily ever after by the river.Once upon a time, there was a chubby little bear named Benny. Benny lived in a big forest with his animal friends. One day, Bennys friend, a kind rabbit named Rosie, wanted to introduce him to a new game. Rosie took Benny to a big board with many colorful pictures on it. She showed him how to play the game and Benny was very happy to learn something new. From that day on, Benny and Rosie played the game on the board every day. Benny loved spending time with Rosie and his other animal friends. He was grateful that Rosie had introduced him to the fun game on the board.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She liked to play in her backyard where there was a long fence. One day, Lily saw her neighbor sign a paper while leaning on the fence. She was curious and asked her neighbor what she was doing. Her neighbor told her that she was signing a paper to buy a new car. Lily thought that was cool and wanted to sign a paper too. She asked her mom for a paper and a pen. She signed her name on the paper and proudly showed it to her mom. Her mom smiled and told her she did a great job. From that day on, Lily loved to sign her name on papers. Every time she saw her neighbor leaning on the long fence, she would wave and say hello. The fence became a special place for Lily, where she learned how to sign her name and made a new friend.Anna and Ben are friends. They like to play together. One day, they go to the park. They see a big tree with many leaves. They want to climb the tree. Can we climb the tree? Anna asks Ben. Yes, we can. But we have to be careful. The tree is very high. Ben says. They start to climb the tree. They hold on to the branches. They have fun. They see many birds and squirrels. They feel happy. Anna has a bow in her hair. It is red and shiny. She likes her bow. She puts it in her pocket. She does not want to lose it. Ben has a map in his pocket. It is old and dirty. He found it in his grandpas attic. He thinks it is a treasure map. He wants to follow it. They reach the top of the tree. They look around. They see a big hill. Ben takes out his map. He points to the hill. Look, Anna. The map says there is a treasure on the hill. Lets go and find it. Ben says. OK, Ben. But we have to go down the tree first. And we have to be organized. We have to remember where we put our things. Anna says. They start to go down the tree. They are not careful. They are in a hurry. They forget to take their things. Anna forgets her bow. Ben forgets his map. They reach the ground. They run to the hill. They do not look back. They do not see a big dog. The dog sees them. The dog is hungry. The dog smells their things. The dog goes to the tree. The dog finds their things. The dog eats their things. The dog is happy. Anna and Ben reach the hill. They look for the treasure. They do not find anything. They are sad. They want to go back. They go back to the tree. They look for their things. They do not find anything. They see the dog. The dog has their things in his mouth. The dog growls at them. They are scared. They cry. The moral of the story is Be careful and organized when you play. Do not forget your things. Or a dog might eat them.Lily was a very intelligent girl. She liked to learn new things and read many books. She was good at math, science, and art. She wanted to be a teacher when she grew up. One day, Lily had a big exam at school. She studied hard and knew all the answers. She was not afraid of the exam. She was excited to show what she knew. But when she got to school, she saw that her exam paper was torn. Someone had ripped it in half. Lily was very sad and angry. She did not know who did it or why. She felt like crying. Who did this to my exam? she asked her teacher. I worked so hard for it. I dont know, Lily, her teacher said. But dont worry. I have another copy for you. You can still take the exam. You are a very intelligent girl. You can do it. Lily smiled and thanked her teacher. She took the new exam paper and started to write. She forgot about the torn paper and focused on the questions. She was confident and happy. She knew she would do well. She was a very intelligent girl.Lily and Ben were friends who liked to play together. One day, they went to the park and saw a big boat on the water. It was a yacht. It was white and shiny and had many windows. Wow, look at that boat! Lily said. It is so clean and pretty. I want to go on it and see inside. Ben shook his head. No, Lily, we cant go on that boat. It is not ours. It belongs to someone else. And it is too far and too deep. We might fall in the water and get wet and cold. Lily and Ben disagreed. Lily wanted to go on the yacht, but Ben wanted to stay on the land. They argued and got angry with each other. Fine, then I will go by myself! Lily said. She ran to the edge of the water and tried to reach the yacht. Stop, Lily, stop! Ben shouted. He ran after her and grabbed her hand. It is not safe, Lily. You cant swim. And the boat might move and leave you behind. Please, come back with me. We can play something else. Lily looked at Ben and saw that he was scared and worried. She realized that he was right. She let go of the yacht and hugged Ben. Im sorry, Ben. You are a good friend. I dont want to go on the boat anymore. I want to play with you. Ben smiled and hugged Lily back. Im sorry, too, Lily. You are a good friend, too. I dont want to fight with you. I want to play with you, too. Lily and Ben made up and went to the swings. They had fun and forgot about the yacht. They agreed that they liked each other more than the boat.There was once a little girl named Lila. She was three years old, and she was very excited to learn. One day, her teacher asked her a question what was her favorite number? Lila nodded her head and said five! Her teacher was very surprised and said, wow, you already know your favorite number! Lila smiled and was very proud. The next day, Lila got upset when she saw a new student in her class. He was also three, but he didnt know his favorite number. Lila gave him a friendly nod and said its okay! Just pick a number and youll be fine! The new student was thankful for Lilas kindness, so he chose the number seven. Lila was proud that she was able to help the new student, and she promised herself to be kind to everyone she met. Every time she saw the new student, she would nod and show him her number five card. The new student soon discovered his favorite number and Lila was very happy for him. They both agreed that number five was a great number and they continued to be friends for a long time.Mama and Max were driving home from mommys job. Max was looking out the window when he saw an old, filthy window display. He wanted to look closer, so he started to search for a way to get outside. Mama said, âœNo, Max, we canât go outside now. That window is too filthy and we donât have time to search around it. Letâs go home.â Max shook his head and said, âœBut Mama, I want to go see it. It looks fun!â Mama smiled and said, âœI know it looks fun, but itâs too dirty right now. We can come back another day.â Max pouted and said, âœBut Mama, I want to go see it now! Please!â Mama thought for a moment and then said, âœAlright, we can go take a quick look, but then we have to go right home.â They got out of the car and Max could hardly contain his excitement. He ran over to the old, filthy window display and marveled at all the colorful things inside. Mama watched Max with a happy smile on her face. Finally, the time for fun was over and they drove home.Once upon a time, a little dog named Max found a heavy sausage on the ground. He wanted to take it home to share with his friend, a cat named Luna. Max tried to carry the sausage, but it was too heavy for him. Max asked Luna for help. Luna, can you help me carry this heavy sausage? Luna came to help Max. Together, they carried the heavy sausage back to their home. When they got home, the sausage was dirty. Max and Luna used a cloth to wipe the sausage clean. Now we can eat it! said Max. They shared the sausage and were very happy.Lily and Ben were playing in the kitchen. They wanted to make a cake for Mom. They had a big bowl, some flour, some eggs, some milk and some sugar. They also had a spoon to stir the batter. Let me stir, Lily! Ben said. He grabbed the spoon from Lilys hand. No, Ben, its my turn! Lily said. She pulled the spoon back. They both tugged on the spoon, making the batter splash out of the bowl. Some of it landed on the fan that was on the counter. The fan was on, so it blew the batter all over the kitchen. Oh no! Lily and Ben said. They saw the mess they made. They saw Mom coming into the kitchen. What are you two doing? Mom asked. She looked at the batter on the walls, the floor, the fan and her children. We wanted to make a cake for you, Mom, Lily said. But we had a fight over the spoon, Ben said. Mom sighed. She was not happy. She turned off the fan and got a cloth to clean the kitchen. Next time, you have to share and take turns, Mom said. And ask me before you use the kitchen. Lily and Ben felt sorry. They hugged Mom and said they were sorry. Its okay, sweeties, Mom said. I love you both. And I appreciate your jolly idea. But maybe we can make a cake together another day. Lily and Ben nodded. They helped Mom clean the kitchen. They learned their lesson. They decided to make a card for Mom instead of a cake. They used crayons and stickers and wrote We love you, Mom on it. Mom smiled when she saw the card. She gave them a big hug and a kiss. She said they were the best children ever.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to dream about princesses and unicorns. One day, Lilys mom asked her what she wanted to be when she grew up. Lily replied, I want to go to university and be a princess! Her mom smiled and said, Thats a great dream, Lily. But first, you need to go to school and learn lots of things. Lily didnt want to go to school. She thought it was disgusting to sit in a classroom all day. But her mom explained that school was important if she wanted to go to university and be a princess. Lily sighed and said, Okay, Ill go to school. But I still want to be a princess!Once upon a time there was a boy named Tom. Tom wanted to be independent, but he didnt have a phone to help him. He asked his mom if he could have a phone so he could do the things he wanted to do. His mom smiled and said, No Tom, you are too young for a phone. Tom was sad and he asked her again. But his mom said, Tom, you can do many things without a phone. You can be independent without one. Tom was disappointed, but he chose to be independent and he did many things without a phone. One day his mom came to him and said, Tom, I think you are ready for a phone now. You have been so independent and I think its time to provide you with a phone. Tom was so excited. His mom provided him with a phone and now he could do the things he wanted to do on his own. He was very independent and he was happy to have a phone.Once upon a time, there was a helpless goose. She was very scared because she was all alone. She had no one to protect her. One day, a friendly farmer saw the poor goose. He felt so sorry for her that he decided to help her. He collected the goose and brought her back to his farm. When the farmer arrived home, he saw that his other farm animals were scared too. He understood that they all wanted someone to protect them. So the farmer put the goose in a special pen and put a fence around it. He also put food and water in the pen for the goose to eat and drink. From that day on, the farmer looked after the goose. He made sure that she was never scared again. He also made sure that she was safe and happy. He was very kind to her and she was very happy to have him as her protector.Once upon a time, there was a big fish called Tuna. Tuna lived in the ocean with his fish friends. One day, Tuna wanted to go on an adventure. He asked his friends to come along, but they were too scared. Tuna was patient and waited for someone to join him. Finally, a little fish named Zip wanted to come with Tuna. They swam together through the ocean, seeing all kinds of creatures. Tuna was happy to have a friend with him. After a while, they got hungry. Tuna remembered he had a can of tuna in his backpack. Zip was confused, but Tuna explained that it was a special kind of fish that humans like to eat. They opened the can and shared the tuna. It was delicious! Tuna and Zip continued on their adventure, having fun and seeing new things. Tuna was happy he was patient and waited for a friend to come with him. They swam together, enjoying each others company.One day, a family was getting ready to go outside. Mom and Dad put on their hats and coats and told the little boy to prepare. He grabbed his own hat and coat and headed outside. When he opened the door, he saw a clumsy mosquito flying around the porch. He wanted to catch the mosquito, but it flew away before he could. Mom and Dad said it was ok because there were enough other things to do outside. So the family went out and had a wonderful day in the sunshine.Once upon a time, there was a sweet and patient bunny. She stopped in the meadow to take a pause from hopping. All around her, the flowers were in bloom, and the sun was warm and close. But then she heard the sound of a voice and she saw a butterfly land nearby. Hello, said the butterfly. Do you want to come explore the meadow with me? The bunny thought she might have a good time, so she said yes. The butterfly waved goodbye and flew away. The bunny hopped around the meadow, stopping here and there to pause and look closely at the flowers. Every so often, shed see the butterfly flying above her head. She was patient and waited to see it land again. At last, the bunny saw the butterfly again and waved. They strolled around the meadow together until the sun set, and the bunny said goodbye. Then she hopped off to her home with a smile and a full heart.It was a beautiful day, and the air was filled with sunshine and birdsong. Joe was playing in the park with Molly, his best friend. Lets pretend to sail! shouted Molly, pointing to the pond. Joe smiled, and they both ran to the edge of the water. Joe grabbed a stick, while Molly scooped up some leaves and stones. We can make them into a boat! Molly said, giving Joe a leaf. Joe made a boat shape with his stick and leaf, while Molly made a boat with her stones. When they were done, they put them carefully in the water and watched. Will they float? asked Joe. Molly smiled and nodded. You just have to be patient. The two friends sat and watched as the boats slowly sailed away from the pond. Joe and Molly laughed as the boats sailed back and forth. At last, the two friends stood up. It was fun sailing! said Joe. Molly agreed. Lets do it again some time.Once upon a time there was a thin man who sailed out of his harbor on a big boat. The man sailed far away, looking for adventure. But the man didnt find any treasure on his journey. Instead, he found something even better a big twist! The twist was so bright that it lit up the night sky like sunshine. The man was so happy! He followed the twist to the shore where it vanished. The man was amazed he had a treasure that no one else had ever seen before. He decided to take the twist back home to his harbor and make it part of his home forever. And they all lived happily ever after. The end!Once upon a time there was a girl named Sarah. She loved to write stories and when she grew up, she wanted to be a writer. One day, she heard a big boom. The boom was so loud that it shook the house. Sarah asked her mom, What was that noise? Her mom replied, That was an earthquake. They are very special and amazing!â Sarah was excited! She wanted to write about the earthquake so she asked her mom for a pen and paper. Her mom gave her a pen and Sarah quickly wrote her first story about the amazing earthquake. She was so proud of her writing that she quickly ran to show it to her mom. Her mom was so impressed with the story that she hugged Sarah and said, You are a wonderful writer!Sam and his mommy went to the restaurant. It was a brilliant restaurant. Sam was so happy! He looked around, the restaurant had lots of decorations and people eating delicious food. Sam sat down and had his meal. He finished all of his food and said Yum! He was so full! He was also tired, so he asked his mommy if he could have a nap. His mommy said it was ok, and they both left the restaurant. Sam put on his special blanket and had a long rest. He felt so much better after he finished his nap. On the way home, Sam told his mommy how much he had enjoyed his day at the restaurant. It had been brilliant!One day a little girl had an idea. She wanted to build a nice, soft fort out of sacks. She ran to the sack and asked her mom if she could take one. Her mom said yes and she started to drag it to her room. The little girl started to build the fort. She arranged the sack in a circle and tucked them in so they were nice and soft. She put some pillows, a blanket, stuffed animals and books inside. The little girl was so proud of her fort. She jumped inside and felt so safe. She brought a special storybook and read it quietly until she felt very sleepy. Then, she hugged her stuffed animal and fell asleep in her soft little fort.Once upon a time there was an adorable fisherman. Every day he would gather together his fishing gear and head to the lake to catch some fish. One day, unfortunately, the fisherman couldnt catch any fish. He tried for a long time as the sun slowly set, but he didnt have any luck. He felt sad and disappointed. He knew he had to gather his gear together and head home. When he reached home, he saw that an animal had gotten into his house. The animal had made a mess and taken some food! The fisherman was unhappy but he knew there was nothing he could do. He sadly gathered his things and left. The adorable fisherman never caught any fish that day, but he did learn an important lesson. Sometimes bad things can happen, even if you dont mean for them to.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to collect stamps. One day, he went to the park to show his stamp collection to his friend, Billy. Billy looked at the stamps and said, Wow, Timmy! You gained a lot of new stamps since I last saw your collection. Timmy smiled and said, Yes, I did. I traded some of my old stamps for these new ones. Suddenly, a big dog ran up to them and barked loudly. Timmy and Billy were frightened and didnt know what to do. Just then, a kind man came over and calmed the dog down. He said to Timmy and Billy, Always remember that when youre scared, its important to stay calm and ask for help. You two did a great job staying safe. Timmy and Billy thanked the man and went home with a valuable lesson learned.Once upon a time, there was a little girl who wanted to travel. She had a big red balloon, and she thought it was a fun idea to travel with her balloon. So, she took off and started to fly around the world. The sky was so blue and she saw lots of new and exciting sights. But then, she realized that her balloon was starting to get smaller and the strings felt very loose. She knew she wouldnt be able to travel very far if she kept going. So, she landed and decided to take a break. She noticed that she had made a mistake, and so she thought very hard to come up with a better idea. She decided to get a basket and some feathers, and she made herself a red bird costume. With the costume, she was able to keep traveling with strong feathers that kept her airborne. The little girl had learned an important lesson. Its important to be careful when you are traveling because sometimes an idea that looks fun at first can be a bad one.Once there was a crab who was very sad. Her shell was blue and she didnt like it. She really wanted it to be different, but she did not know how. One day she asked her friends what she should do, âœI really hate my blue shell, â she said. Her friends tried to help her, but they could not think of a way to make it more colorful. The crab decided to use her imagination. She thought of something that could make the blue shell much more beautiful. She took some colored rocks and put them around her shell. The crab was so happy! She looked like a beautiful piece of art. Everyone was so proud of the crab and all of them said, âœThere is nothing more wonderful than a creative crab with a colorful shell!âOnce upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, she went outside to play in the garden. She saw a small, colorful beetle crawling on a leaf. Lily was happy to see the beetle, and she wanted to catch it. But the beetle was too fast for her. Lilys mother came outside and saw her daughter trying to catch the beetle. She whispered to Lily, Be careful not to hurt the beetle. Its a tiny creature and needs to be treated gently. Lily listened to her mother and decided to watch the beetle quietly. She saw that the beetle was beautiful, with shiny wings and a colorful body. After a while, the beetle flew away, and Lily felt sad. But she was happy to have seen such a pretty insect up close. She whispered to her mother, Thank you for showing me the beetle. I love its colors! And Lily and her mother went back inside, happy and content.Once upon a time, there were two friends David and Paul. Every day they would play together in the park. One day, they were walking in the park, when they saw a big vehicle parked on the side of the road. It was so big that they had never seen anything like it before! David wanted to get closer to the vehicle, but Paul said it was not a good idea, as it may be dangerous. But David did not listen, he walked closer to the vehicle. Suddenly, the vehicle started moving. David was scared and screamed for help. Paul quickly ran to David, grabbed him and took him away from the vehicle. David thanked Paul for helping him and said that it was important to listen and to always follow the advice of a friend. The two friends hugged each other and went home happily. The moral of the story is to always listen and show your friends that you care.Once upon a time, there was a little sheep named Lucy. She was a humble sheep who lived on a big farm. Lucy had many friends like cows, pigs, and chickens. They all played together every day. One day, Lucy went for a walk in the forest near the farm. As she walked, she saw something new. Lucy discovered a big, shiny rock. She was very excited and wanted to show her friends. Lucy ran back to the farm to tell her friends about the big, shiny rock. They all went to see it together. The humble sheep and her friends had a great day exploring the forest and playing with the big, shiny rock. And from that day on, they had even more fun on their big farm.Once upon a time, there was a little girl. She was very clever and liked to explore the world around her. One day, she was walking along the beach. She saw lots of interesting things. Suddenly, she saw a shell! It was a very special shell and it caught her eye. She picked it up and held it carefully in her hands. The little girl looked at the shell and had a thought. She wanted to suggest something. She thought for a moment and then said, âœI think this shell should go for a swim in the sea!â The little girl took the shell to the sea. She smiled when she dropped it into the water and it started swimming away. She had made a clever suggestion, and the shell was happy in the sea.Teddy was a bear who loved to sleep and play. One day he decided to go explore the underground. He slowly walked inside, and it was very dark, but he saw lots of colorful lights. He followed the lights and found a cozy place to lay down. He rested and closed his eyes. Suddenly, Teddy heard voices coming from the darkness. He opened his eyes and noticed two shadows talking to each other. Look at the beautiful colors on the walls, the first said. Yes, they look so bright and colorful, the other one said. Teddy quietly watched and listened to them talk. After a moment, he realized they were fairies who lived underground! He was filled with awe and delight as he looked around. The fairies suddenly noticed Teddy and smiled. Hi Teddy, they said playfully. Would you like to come explore with us? Teddy nodded and followed the two fairies as they explored the colorful underground. He had so much fun discovering the wonders of the underground with his new friends.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. He was threeyearsold and he was best friends with his Aunt Anna. Jack often asked her to play with him, but one day she said, No. Jack was sad, but he asked her why. She said, Because I have to do a test. Jack didnt understand, so he asked her what a test was. Aunt Anna answered, Its something I have to try very hard not to do. I need to resist it. Jack thought about this for a minute and then said something very stupid. âœYou can do it, Aunt Anna! But she shook her head no and said, No, Jack. Im afraid I cant. This test is too hard for me. Jack didnt understand, so Aunt Anna said, Its like trying not to eat something yummy. Jack tried to help, but nothing he said changed her mind. So Aunt Anna had to take the test, and despite all of Jacks help, she failed. Jack felt sad and scared, but he wanted to help Aunt Anna. So he tried to resist the test with her, but it was too hard. In the end, Aunt Anna and Jack had to accept that they had failed the test.Once upon a time, there was a little baby. The baby was happy and played with toys all day. One day, the babys big sister came to play. The big sister was envious of the babys toys and wanted to play with them too. The baby didnt want to share the toys and held onto them tightly. The big sister said, Can I play with your toys too? I like them. The baby didnt answer and kept holding onto the toys. The big sister then said, If you release the toys, we can play together and have fun. The baby thought about it and finally released the toys. They both played together and had lots of fun. The end.One day, there was a dog named Jazz. He was very hungry, but nobody wanted to feed him. He wanted to find food for himself, but he had no idea where to look. He howled in the night in the hope that someone would take pity on him and feed him. Suddenly, he had an idea. He started barking and howling even louder. He figured that maybe someone would hear him and come to his rescue. Eventually, a nice old lady heard his cries and came to feed him. She was so kind and gave him the food he was craving. He ate it all up and felt happy in his tummy. Despite the old ladyâs kindness, there were still people who were so mean that they wanted to hurt poor Jazz. They would yell and yell at him in a harsh manner and try to scare him away. He was so frightened that he would run and hide when he heard their voices. Finally, one day, Jazz found another kind soul who fed him and kept him away from the harsh people. He was so thankful and they became the best of friends. From then on, the nice person fed him everyday, and Jazz was so happy.One day, Little Billy was playing with his toy cars. His brother, Peter, was eating an egg. Billy wanted to try the egg, so he asked, Can I chew it? Peter said, No, Billy. Eggs are too hard for you to chew! But Billy was feeling nosy. He wanted to try it anyway. So he said, I want to try it! Please! Peter said, OK. Be careful not to choke. Then he handed Billy the egg. Billy tried to chew it. He chewed and chewed, but it was too hard. He couldnt chew up the egg. So he spat it out. Peter smiled and said, I told you it was too hard!Mummy made a fun mix in her room. She put all sorts of useful things inside it. She put in some puff cereal, crunchy pieces, and some yummy raisins. Then Mummy stirred it with a big spoon. She hummed a song as she stirred. Next, Mummy carried the mix to the living room. She set the big bowl on the table. She asked everyone to come and get a spoonful. Everyone was so excited to try it. Mummy said the mix was very useful. We could use it to make a delicious snack. We scooped some mix into our bowls and added some extra crunchy pieces. Everyone tasted the mix. It was so yummy! We could barely finish it all. From then on, Mummy made sure to always have a mix in her room.Once, there was a little girl who lived in a tiny house in the woods. She was very brave and loved to explore the woods. One day, as she walked deep into the forest, she heard a loud howling. Looking around, she realised she was close to a pack of wolves. She was afraid, and didnt know what to do. She started to struggle, and thought she was doomed. Suddenly, the biggest wolf stepped forward. He looked at the little girl, and then said in a gentle and deep voice Little girl, why do you struggle? I am a fine and kind wolf, and I will help you. The other wolves laughed and started to play. The little girl was happy and ran over to the wolf. She thanked him for saving her, and asked if she could stay with him. He let her stay, and they became the best of friends. He showed the little girl the secret paths of the forest and taught her how to find food. Every day, she went exploring with her new wolf friend. The little girl was so happy she had met the fine wolf, and she thanked him every day. He was always so gentle with her, and she was so grateful. They lived in the woods together, and never had to struggle again.Lily and Ben were playing with their toy cars in the backyard. They liked to zoom them on the grass and make loud noises. Lily had a red car and Ben had a blue car. They pretended they were racing each other. Zoom, zoom, zoom! Im faster than you! Lily said. No, youre not! Im faster than you! Ben said. They zoomed their cars until they reached the fence. There was a big hole in the fence. They saw a black cat on the other side. The cat looked dirty and sad. It had oil on its fur. Look, a cat! Lily said. Lets go see it! Ben said. They crawled through the hole and went to the cat. The cat was scared and hissed at them. It tried to run away, but it was stuck in the oil. Dont be afraid, cat. We want to help you, Lily said. She reached out her hand to touch the cat. The cat scratched her hand and made her cry. Ow, ow, ow! The cat hurt me! Lily said. Ben saw that Lily was hurt. He felt sorry for her. He also felt sorry for the cat. He was brave and decided to try again. Shh, shh, shh. Its okay, cat. Were not bad. We have water and soap. We can clean you, Ben said. He spoke softly and gently to the cat. He moved slowly and carefully to the cat. He picked up the cat and held it in his arms. The cat stopped hissing and started to purr. Good job, Ben! Youre so brave! Lily said. She smiled and wiped her tears. She got some water and soap from the house. She helped Ben wash the oil off the cat. The cat looked happy and clean. Thank you, kids. Youre very kind, the cat said. The cat licked their faces and cuddled with them. They became friends. The moral of the story is Be brave and kind to animals, even if they are scared and hurt. They will appreciate your help and love.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play at the beach. The beach had sand, water, and a big sun. Lily liked to make sand castles and swim in the water. One day, Lily saw a big crab. The crab looked bad. Lily was scared. She did not want the crab to hurt her sand castle. So, Lily asked her mom for help. Her mom told her to believe in herself and be brave. Lily took a deep breath and walked up to the crab. She told the crab, Please dont be bad. Lets be friends. The crab smiled and they played together. Lily learned that if she believed in herself, she could make friends with anyone.Once upon a time there were two friends named Joe and Lou. Joe and Lou went to the opera together. Joe was very jolly and said, Letâs go explore the opera house! So Joe and Lou ran around the opera house, looking at all the cool sights. Joe said, This is so much fun! Lou said, Lets look in this room! The two friends opened the door and found a big beautiful stage! They saw a man dressed in fancy clothes singing happy songs. Joe said, Look! Its an opera! Lou clapped her hands and said, This is so jolly! The two friends watched the show, laughing and singing along. They had so much fun that they went back to the opera every weekend. And every time they left, they felt very jolly.Once upon a time, there was a big, old car. The car was red and had four wheels. It could speed very fast and go to many places. One day, the car went to a new place it had never been before. It was a park with lots of trees and flowers. The car drove around the park, going fast and slow. It was so much fun! When it was time to go home, the car felt happy and tired. It had a great adventure in a new place.Once there was a boy who loved to run and play. One day, he heard a soft glowing sound coming from the trees. He was curious and went to investigate. When he got there, he saw a cone that was glowing. It was very beautiful and seemed very helpful. The boy reached out and touched it. Suddenly the cone started to get bigger and bigger. It grew until it became as big as a house. The boy was scared but the cone was very friendly. It said it would help him so he was no longer afraid. The cone gave the boy a big hug. Then it gave him some special powers. He could now fly and make things glow. With the help of the cone, the boy could do things he never thought possible. He was so excited! The boy decided to go home and show his family his new magical powers. He thanked the cone for its help before flying off into the sky.One day, a little girl was walking in the woods. She was feeling kind and wanted to discover something new. Suddenly, she heard a buzzing noise. She looked around, and she found it. It was a mosquito! She had never seen one before and she was excited. She reached out her hand to touch it. The mosquito was very kind and stayed still. The girl was happy to have made a new friend. She thanked the mosquito, and continued her walk. She had discovered something new, and it made her feel very happy.The sun was shining brightly and it was Sarahâs 3rd birthday. Sarahâs mum was very excited and was getting ready to do a special birthday party for her. She said to Sarah, âœLetâs do a party for your birthday! We will do lots of fun things!â Sarah was really happy to hear this. She smiled and said, âœYes! I want to do it.â So Sarah and her mum started to plan the party. She said, âœLetâs get some light balloons and light decorations!â Sarah was so excited and started to pick out her favourite colours. When the party started, Sarah was so happy to see all the light decorations. She said to her mum, âœIt looks so beautiful! I love it!â Sarah and her friends had a lot of fun at the birthday party. They played games, laughed and had a great time. At the end of the day, Sarah had the best birthday ever!Once upon a time, there was an ant who lived in a tree. The ant was very grumpy. He didnt like anyone or anything. Every day, he would stay in the tree sulking. One day, something really exciting happened. The ant heard a noise and looked down. He saw a 3 year old child standing below the tree. In their hands was a stage and microphone. The child was ready to perform. The grumpy ant stayed hidden in the tree and watched. He saw the child sing their favourite songs, tell stories, clap, and dance. The ant was so entertained that he forgot about being grumpy for a moment. The performance was so exciting that the ant made his own performance. He climbed down the tree, waved his antennas and did a little dance. It was unexpected, but the child thought it was funny. The ant was no longer grumpy. He smiled and waved goodbye as the child went on their way. The ant went back to the tree, feeling happy and entertained.One day, there was a big purple cat named Tom. Tom was a very curious cat. He loved to play in the garden. One day, he found a small book in the garden. The book was called a passport. Tom did not know what a passport was, but he thought it was fun to play with. Tom met his friend, a small dog named Tim. Tom said, Look, Tim! I found a passport! Tim looked at the passport and said, Oh no, Tom! That is not a toy. We need to give it back to its owner. But Tom did not want to give it back. He wanted to keep playing with it. Tom had an idea. He said, I know! I will bury the passport in the garden. Then no one will find it, and I can play with it whenever I want! So, Tom dug a hole and put the passport in it. He covered it with dirt and patted it down. Tim was sad, but he could not stop Tom. Later that day, a man came to the garden. He looked very sad and worried. He said, I lost my passport. I need it to go home. Has anyone seen it? Tom and Tim looked at each other. They knew they should tell the man about the passport, but they were scared. The man never found his passport. He could not go home, and he was very sad. Tom and Tim felt bad for the man, but they did not tell him about the passport they buried. They knew they should have listened to Tim and given the passport back.Lily likes peaches. She likes to eat them when they are sweet and juicy. She likes to feel the fuzz on the skin. She likes to spit out the pit. One day, Lily goes to the park with her mom. She sees a big tree with many peaches on it. She wants to pick one, but they are too high. She asks her mom to help her, but her mom says no. She says the peaches belong to someone else. Lily is sad. She walks around the park and plays on the swings. She sees a dog and a cat. She sees a flower and a bee. She sees a bird and a worm. She forgets about the peaches. Then, she sees something shiny on the grass. She runs to it and picks it up. It is a coin. It has a picture of a man and a number. Lily does not know what it means, but she thinks it is pretty. She shows it to her mom. Her mom says it is a lucky coin. She says Lily can buy something with it. Lily is happy. She thinks of what she can buy. She sees a man with a cart. He has many fruits on it. He has apples and bananas and oranges. And he has peaches. Lily runs to the cart and gives the man the coin. He gives her a peach. Lily says thank you and smiles. Lily eats the peach. It is sweet and juicy. She feels the fuzz on the skin. She spits out the pit. She thinks she is lucky. She lies on the grass and looks at the sky. She sees a cloud that looks like a peach. She closes her eyes and dreams of more peaches.Once it was time to perform the show. The audience waited in the room, excited to see what was to come. The first actor stepped forward and they placed a big print on the wall. The print was deliciously sour, and the room filled with smiles. The actor then performed on stage and everyone applauded. He danced and sang, and soon everyone was singing along. The last song was a big hit and everyone was clapping. The actor bowed and the audience was clapping so loud. The show was over, but everyone was still smiling. Everyone had enjoyed their time, and the sour print left on the wall.One day, a little boy named Tim went to the zoo with his mom. They saw many animals like big elephants, tall giraffes, and funny monkeys. Tim was very happy. At the zoo, Tim met a sad monkey named Momo. Momo said, I want to leave the zoo and go home. Tim asked his mom if they could help Momo. His mom said, We cant take Momo home, but we can make him happy here. So, Tim and his mom bought Momo a big banana. Momo ate the banana and smiled. He was not sad anymore. Tim and his mom were happy too. They said goodbye to Momo and left the zoo.Once upon a time, there were two siblings, Jack and Polly. Jack wanted to surprise Polly with something special, so he got some paint and started to paint their bedroom. He worked quickly, zipping around to make sure he was done in time. Jack showed the room to Polly, who was very pleased. Polly asked, Is it dry? Jack looked at the wall and said, Not yet. We should wait a little bit more. They both waited patiently for the paint to fully dry. After what seemed like a long time, the paint had dried and Jack and Polly were very pleased. They hugged each other in joy and laughed with glee. Its perfect! They both said in unison. And they lived happily ever after.Once upon a time there was a big gray tree. It was very tall and old. Every day, a little girl named Lucy would come and swing from it. She liked to swing very high and close her eyes. Above her head, at the top of the tree, there were lots of different shapes. Big shapes, small shapes, and all sorts of colors. When she opened her eyes, she would smile at all the shapes. They were so fun to look at! One day, the wind was blowing strong and she started to swing really high. She flew over the shapes and they all became a big gray blur. She laughed with joy! Finally, when she came back down, she looked up at the tree and the shapes looked different. She noticed the shapes were all a bit bigger and brighter. She smiled once again and decided to swing again tomorrow!Once upon a time there was a little girl named Abby who was very small and only three years old. She loved the color white and always wished she could see a white unicorn. One day, she decided to go for a walk in the woods near her home. As she walked, she saw a white unicorn in the distance! She wanted to go closer, but was scared and unsure. Then, the unicorn spoke to her softly, saying âœyou have the sight to heal my broken heart, Ive been alone a long time.â Abby was surprised and asked the unicorn âœhow can I help you?â The unicorn replied âœby seeing me with your heart and not your eyes. Believe that Im here and that I can be the friend you need.â Abby nodded and closed her eyes. Her heart was filled with a warmth that spread through her whole body. She opened her eyes and the unicorn was there. She hugged it and its broken heart healed. Abby and the white unicorn became best friends. She stayed in the woods with it each and every day, and together they created magical memories.Tommy was very enthusiastic about cleaning. He liked to help his mom and dad with the chores. He would sweep the floor, wipe the table, and put away his toys. He felt happy and proud when he saw how nice the house looked. One day, Tommy wanted to help his mom make a pie. She told him he could wash the apples for her. Tommy was excited. He loved apples. They were red and sweet and crunchy. He took a big basket of apples and went to the sink. He turned on the water and started to clean the apples. He rubbed each apple with his hands until it was shiny and wet. He put the clean apples in a bowl. He counted them as he did. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. He had ten clean apples. He smiled and called his mom. Mom, I cleaned the apples for you. Can I help you make the pie now? Mom came to the kitchen and saw the bowl of apples. She was very happy and proud of Tommy. She hugged him and said, Thank you, Tommy. You did a great job. You are such a good helper. Yes, you can help me make the pie. Lets roll the dough and cut the apples together. Tommy and his mom had fun making the pie. They put it in the oven and waited for it to bake. It smelled delicious. Tommy could not wait to taste it. He knew it would be the best pie ever. He was very enthusiastic about cleaning and cooking. He liked to help his mom and dad with the chores. He felt happy and proud when he saw how nice the house looked and how yummy the pie was.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Julie. Julie was playing in her backyard and noticed something shiny in the bush. She went over to investigate and found an old hammer! The hammer was unique because it had a curved handle. âœOh wow!â Julie said with surprise. She carefully picked it up and took it into the house. Her mom and dad were very curious to know where she found it. She showed them the hammer, and her mom suggested, âœLetâs twist off the handle and see whatâs inside!â. Julie and her parents grabbed the hammer and began to twist the handle and sure enough, something amazing fell out! They had discovered a secret surprise. Julie and her parents were very happy and celebrated for the rest of the day. They decided to keep the old hammer and hang it on the wall.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to wear a pretty bow in her hair. One day, she saw an amazing bow in the store window. She asked her mommy to buy it for her, but her mommy said they didnt have enough money right now. Lily was sad, but she knew that her mommy loved her and would always try to make her happy. So, she decided to make her own bow using some colorful ribbons she found in her toy box. It wasnt as amazing as the one in the store, but Lily was proud of her creation. When her mommy saw Lilys homemade bow, she was amazed at how creative her little girl was. She knew that Lily had a special talent for making things. From that day on, Lily knew that she could always make something amazing with her own two hands.Once upon a time, there was a big bull. He was brown and had big horns. One day, he saw a red light in the sky. It was so bright! The bull was scared and started to run. He ran and ran until he saw a little girl. The girl had a bow in her hair. She saw the bull and smiled. She knew he was scared. She took the bow out of her hair and gave it to the bull. The bull felt better and stopped running. He looked at the girl and mooed. The girl laughed and petted the bull. From that day on, the bull and the girl were friends.Once upon a time, there was a little girl who had a big problem. Her careless cat had knocked over her favorite waffle. She was so sad. The little girl started crying, but soon her mom came to the rescue. She gave the little girl a big hug and comforted her. She told her daughter that it was okay and that she was not in trouble. The little girl felt much better. Her mom said that if she was hungry she could have another waffle from the kitchen. The little girl went with her mom and soon the kitchen was filled with the smell of a warm, delicious waffle. The little girl was happy once again. She enjoyed her yummy snack while sitting at the table with her mom. She felt safe and loved, knowing that her mom was always there to comfort her when she got sad.One day, there was a dog who was very fast. He loved to speed around and play. He always wanted to go faster and faster. The little dog had a special bubble around him when he ran. The bubble made him even faster and the other animals couldnt catch him. One day, the little dog met his friend, a big, hairy bear. The bear was so big and strong, but he was also very slow. The bear asked the little dog if he could join him in his bubble and run with him. The little dog was excited and said yes. They started running around together, faster and faster. The bear was getting faster and faster, just like the little dog. They had so much fun. Soon, the hairy bear was running just as fast as the little dog. The little dog was so happy that he had made a new, fast friend. From then on, they ran together all the time, never stopping and always running at top speed.Tom and Lily were twins who liked to play outside. One day, they saw a big star in the sky. It was very bright and shiny. Look, Lily, a star! Tom said. Do you think it can talk? I dont know, Tom. Maybe it can. Lets ask it a question. Lily said. They both shouted at the star. Hello, star! Can you hear us? What is your name? The star heard them and smiled. It had a soft and kind voice. Hello, Tom and Lily. I can hear you. My name is Starla. I am a star of wisdom. I know many things about the world and the sky. Tom and Lily were amazed. They wanted to learn from Starla. Wow, Starla, you are so smart. Can you tell us something? Tom asked. Sure, Tom. What do you want to know? Starla asked. Tom thought for a moment. He was curious about many things, but he also had a fear. Starla, why are some people mean and scary? Why do they hurt others? Tom asked. Lily nodded. She was also fearful of mean and scary people. Starla sighed. She knew that some people were not kind and good. Tom and Lily, that is a hard question. Some people are mean and scary because they are unhappy and angry. They do not know how to love and share. They do not have wisdom in their hearts. They need help and kindness, but they do not ask for it. They make others sad and afraid. Tom and Lily felt sad for the mean and scary people. They wondered how they could help them. Starla, how can we help the mean and scary people? How can we make them happy and kind? Lily asked. Starla smiled again. She was proud of Tom and Lily. They had wisdom in their hearts. Lily, you and Tom can help the mean and scary people by being brave and gentle. You can show them that you care and that you are not afraid. You can share your toys and your smiles. You can say nice words and give hugs. You can be friends with them. Maybe they will learn from you and change their ways. Maybe they will find wisdom in their hearts. Tom and Lily liked Starlas answer. They decided to try it the next day. They thanked Starla for her wisdom and said goodbye. Goodbye, Starla. Thank you for talking to us. You are a wonderful star. We hope to see you again. Tom and Lily said. Goodbye, Tom and Lily. You are wonderful children. I hope to see you again too. Remember, always shine with wisdom and kindness. Starla said. Then Starla winked and faded away. Tom and Lily went back to their home. They were happy and hopeful. They had learned a lot from Starla. They had a new friend in the sky.Once upon a time, there was a girl called Lizzie. She loved to read and often went to the local library with her mom. One day, when Lizzie was returning from the library, she noticed an icy closet close by. She wanted to read in the closet and asked her mom if she could go inside. Her mom said no and warned Lizzie that it was dangerous. But Lizzie didnt listen and opened the icy closet door. As soon as she stepped inside, she heard a loud snap. All of a sudden, the door closed, locking Lizzie in. Her mom soon figured out what had happened and called for help, but it was too late. Lizzie was stuck inside the icy closet and no one was able to rescue her. The moral of this story is to listen to your parents. They are always looking out for you and know whats best for you â even when it seems silly at the time.Lily and Ben were twins. They liked to play outside in the sun. But today it was raining. They were miserable. Mom, can we go out? Lily asked. No, dear. It is wet and cold. You will get sick, Mom said. But we are bored. There is nothing to do, Ben said. Mom thought for a moment. She had an idea. Why dont you play with the zip bags? You can make shapes and colors with them, she said. She gave them a big box of zip bags. They had different sizes and colors. Lily and Ben were curious. They opened the box and took out some zip bags. They filled them with water and food coloring. They made red, blue, green, and yellow bags. They zipped them shut. They put them on the floor and made a row. They made a long row, a short row, a zigzag row, and a circle row. They moved them around and made patterns. They had fun. Look, Mom. We made a rainbow, Lily said. Thats beautiful, dear. You are very clever, Mom said. Lily and Ben smiled. They were not miserable anymore. They liked the zip bags. They played with them until the rain stopped.Once upon a time, there was a baby called Jack. Jack was very special he loved to dance and play. One day his parents took him to the shops. Jack was so excited. He saw lots of shoes in the shop and wanted a new pair. His parents let him pick out the best shoes for him. Jack saw a very popular shoe and said, I want that one! His parents said, OK! and they ordered the shoes for him. When the shoes arrived, Jack was so happy. He put them on and couldnt stop dancing around! His parents were so proud of their little dancer. The popular shoe made Jack look extra special. The end!Once upon a time, there was a fast race. Many people came to watch the race. An old man wanted to race too. He was very old, but he thought he could win. The old man had a toy gun. He thought the gun would help him win the race. He put the gun in his pocket and got ready to run. The race started, and the old man ran as fast as he could. But he was too old and slow. The other racers were faster. The old man fell down and lost the race. The toy gun did not help him. The old man was sad.Once upon a time, there was a mom and a dad. They had a little girl who was three years old. Every day, they all went outside to play. One day, they were walking and they saw a knife in the grass. The little girl said, Mommy, look! A knife! The mom said, Yes, sweetheart. that is a regular knife, and it is very sharp. Be careful! The little girl became scared. She said, âœMommy, donât let me touch it. I donât want to get hurt.â The mom smiled and said, âœDonât worry, sweetheart. Youâre safe. We wonât let you touch the knife.â The little girl was relieved. She smiled and said, âœOkay! Letâs keep playing.â So they all kept playing, and they had a lot of fun the rest of the day!Once upon a time there was a little bear. The bear was very tired and very heavy. He had been walking all day, looking for a place to store his things. He found the perfect spot a cave deep in the woods. The bear shuffled his heavy weight up to the cave and peered inside. It was dark and cozy, and best of all empty! He stepped inside and gathered his things together. Then he began to store them away, neatly tucked away in the corner. Once everything was stored away, the bear felt much better. He was relieved to have found a safe place for his belongings. He curled up in a corner of the cave and soon fell asleep, exhausted after such a long day. The bear was safe and happy in his cozy cave, surrounded by the things he had stored away. The end!Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to collect shells on the beach. One day, Timmy found a big, shiny shell that he wanted to keep. Timmys mom saw the shell and said, Thats a very humble shell, Timmy. Its not worth much. Timmy didnt care. He loved the shell and wanted to keep it. But then he had an idea. He went to his friend Billy and said, Do you want to buy my shell? Billy said, Sure, how much do you want to sell it for? Timmy thought for a moment and said, One dollar. Billy gave him the dollar and Timmy was happy. He realized that even humble things can be valuable to someone else.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy liked to play outside in the yard. One day, he saw a lizard on the ground. The lizard was green and had a long tail. Timmy thought it was cool. But then, Timmy saw that the ground was icy. He didnt want the lizard to get cold, so he picked it up and put it in his pocket. When Timmy went inside, his mom asked him what he had in his pocket. Timmy didnt want to tell a lie, so he showed her the lizard. His mom smiled and said it was a nice lizard. Timmy took the lizard back outside and let it go. He watched it run away and felt happy that he helped it stay warm. From then on, Timmy always looked out for the animals in his yard, even when it was icy outside.Once upon a time there was a mom and her three year old daughter. Every night they cooked dinner together. One night they made tacos. Mom told her daughter to get the sauce out of the fridge so they could put it on the tacos. But the daughter couldnt reach. So mom said they would quit and do something else. The daughter had an idea. She said they should get the step ladder and then she could get the sauce. Mom thought the idea was great, so they got the step ladder. The daughter climbed all the way up and grabbed the sauce, it was tasty. She put it on the tacos and they enjoyed the dinner together. The daughter was so proud of herself for getting the sauce. Mom said she was brave and not to quit. So from then on, the daughter was brave and never quit. THEOnce upon a time, there was a brave True. He wanted to decorate his house for Summer. He wanted it to look real nice. True worked very hard. He picked pretty flowers for the windows and a bright sun for the door. He hung colorful stars around the walls. Finally he was finished and he was very, very proud. He could see that his house looked better than ever. True smiled and said, This is the best house ever! He was so happy that he decided to invite all of his friends to come over and celebrate. They all admired his house and said it was the most beautiful house they had ever seen. True was so proud. From that day onward, True was always full of pride. He was always working hard to make his house look more amazing. True was the best decorator around and his friends were very happy.John was feeling very excited. He was going on a picnic with his parents. He was so excited that he insisted on helping carry the picnic basket. His parents were very careful as they let him carry it. John carried the basket all the way to the park. When they arrived, he opened the basket to find a big surprise. His parents had packed a big delicious reward for him. It was a sweet cake. John insisted on eating the cake right away. His parents warned him to be careful and not eat it all at once, but John was too excited. After he had eaten some of the cake, his parents insisted that he save the rest for later. So, John reluctantly put some of the cake back in the basket for later. John enjoyed the day with his family. He was glad that he had listened to his parents and saved some of the cake. He was happy with the reward.Maggie the kangaroo marched through the woods. She was happy and full of energy. Suddenly, she heard a voice yelling. It was her friend Johnny. Maggie, stop! Theres a big hole in the ground ahead, he said. Maggie stopped and looked. She could see the hole and it was very big. Im scared, said Maggie. I dont want to hurt my foot trying to jump over it. But Johnny was brave. He marched right up to the edge of the hole and said, I know how to get across. Follow me! Maggie followed Johnny. He used a large stick to help him balance as he hopped from one side of the hole to the other. When he was safely across the other side, he called out to Maggie, See, it was easy! Come on, you can do it too! Maggie got ready and started to jump. She easily leapt over the hole and safely landed on the other side. Maggie was so happy. She had conquered the big hole and didnt get hurt!Tim and Lily were playing in the park. They liked to run and jump and slide. They saw a large bush with red flowers. They wanted to smell the flowers. Look, Lily, pretty flowers! Tim said. Yes, Tim, lets go and see! Lily said. They ran to the bush and bent down to smell the flowers. But they did not see the bees that lived in the bush. The bees did not like Tim and Lily. They thought they were trying to take their flowers. The bees came out of the bush and buzzed around Tim and Lily. Ow, ow, ow! Tim and Lily cried. The bees are hurting us! They ran away from the bush and to their mom. Their mom saw their faces and arms. They had red spots where the bees had stung them. Oh, no, my poor babies! their mom said. You are suffering from bee stings. Come, let me put some cream on them. It will make you feel better. She took them to a bench and put some cream on their spots. She hugged them and kissed them. Next time, be careful of the bees, she said. They dont like it when you go near their bush. They are protecting their home and their food. Tim and Lily nodded. They learned their lesson. They said sorry to the bees and to the flowers. They decided to play somewhere else. They still liked the park, but they did not go near the large bush again.Emma and Max were twins who loved to look at the moon. Every night, they would go to their window and say hello to the big, bright ball in the sky. They liked to imagine that the moon was their friend who watched over them while they slept. One night, Emma had a bad dream. She dreamed that a scary monster came and took the moon away. She woke up crying and ran to Maxs bed. Max, Max, wake up! she sobbed. The moon is gone! The monster took it! Max rubbed his eyes and hugged Emma. Dont worry, Emma. Its just a dream. The moon is still there. Look! He pointed to the window, where the moon was shining as usual. Emma looked and felt better. She smiled and hugged Max back. Youre right, Max. The moon is still there. Thank you for making me feel better. Youre the best brother ever. They went back to their beds and snuggled under their blankets. They said good night to the moon and to each other. The moon smiled and winked at them. It was happy to have such amazing friends.Tom and Ben are friends. They like to play with a ball in the park. One day, they see a man with a big cut on his head. He is bald and angry. Who did this to you? Tom asks the man. A bad boy kicked me with his shoe. He ran away with my hat. He was mean and rude, the man says. Tom and Ben feel sorry for the man. They want to help him. We have a ball. Do you want to play with us? Ben asks the man. The man smiles. He likes the ball. He nods and says, Yes, thank you. That is very kind of you. Tom and Ben give the ball to the man. They take turns to kick it and catch it. They have fun and laugh. The man forgets his cut and his hat. He is happy and friendly. He makes new friends.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with yarn. She would wrap it around her fingers and make pretty bracelets. But one day, Lily ran out of yarn. She needed more yarn to make more bracelets. Lily went to the store with her mom to buy more yarn. She looked for yarn that was cheap because she didnt have a lot of money. Finally, she found some yarn that was just the right price. When Lily got home, she was so happy to have more yarn. She made lots of bracelets and showed them to her mom. Her mom was proud of her and told her she did a great job. Lily was so happy that she had the yarn she needed to make her bracelets.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim loved to eat melon. He would eat it every day for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. One day, Tim went to the store to buy a melon. He saw a nosy dog sniffing around the melons. The dog was very curious and kept sticking his nose in the melons. Tim asked the store owner to sign a paper saying the dog wasnt allowed in the store. The store owner signed the paper and the nosy dog had to leave. Tim was happy he could buy his melon in peace.Once upon a time, there was a humble little bunny named Ben. Ben lived in a small house near the woods. He had many friends like birds, squirrels, and mice. They all played together and had fun. One day, Ben saw a trail in the woods. He started to wonder where it went. He asked his friends if they knew, but they didnt. So, Ben decided to follow the trail to see what he could find. As Ben hopped along the trail, he saw pretty flowers and tall trees. He met new friends like a baby deer and a tiny frog. At the end of the trail, he found a beautiful pond with ducks swimming in it. Ben was very happy he had followed the trail, and he couldnt wait to tell his friends about his adventure.Once upon a time, there was a silly monkey named Bongo. Bongo was very crazy and loved to play tricks on his friends. One day, Bongo saw a big banana tree and decided to climb it. But when he got to the top, he slipped and fell down, hurting his eye. Bongos friend, a kind elephant named Ellie, saw what happened and rushed over to help. Ellie gently touched Bongos eye to see if it hurt. Bongo said it did, so Ellie told him to close his eye and rest for a while. But Bongo was still feeling crazy and wanted to play more tricks. He thought it would be funny to slap Ellie on the back. But when he did, Ellie got upset and told Bongo that it was not nice to slap friends. Bongo felt bad and apologized. From then on, Bongo learned to be more careful and not play tricks that could hurt his friends.Once upon a time, there was a little bird named Blink. Blink lived near a big fountain in the park. Every day, Blink would visit the fountain to drink water and play with his friends. One day, Blink noticed that the fountain wasnt working like it used to. The water didnt come out in a regular way and it made Blink sad. Blink knew that the fountain made people happy and he wanted it to work properly again. So, Blink decided to do something about it. He gathered his bird friends and they worked together to fix the fountain. They cleaned it and made sure the water flowed regularly again. When they were done, the fountain was beautiful and working perfectly. People who passed by the fountain were happy and grateful to Blink and his friends. Blink learned that even small actions can make a big difference and that helping others can bring joy to everyone.Once upon a time, a unique dinosaur lived in a wide open field. He was very friendly and loved to nod hello to all of the animals who lived in the field with him. Every day, he waved his head at the sunshine and said hello to the trees and birds. One day, the dinosaur spotted a tiny pink rabbit hopping towards him. He smiled and nodded at the rabbit. The rabbit nodded back and smiled too. Then suddenly, the rabbit jumped up onto the dinosaurs back and started riding him around the field. The dinosaur laughed and nodded as he raced around. When the little rabbit hopped off the dinosaurs back, she waved goodbye as she skipped away. The little dinosaur sat in the field and nodded as if he was saying goodbye too. The little dinosaur was very happy and he would never forget the unique adventure he shared with the special pink rabbit.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside, but today the sun was too bright. Mommy, I need my sunglasses! Lily said. Her mom got her sunglasses and put them on her face. Now I can play! Lily said with a smile. Lily went to the park to play on the swings. She saw a boy who looked grumpy. Whats wrong? Lily asked. I lost my favorite rock, the boy said. Lily wanted to help. She looked around and found a shiny rock. Here you go! Lily said, giving the rock to the boy. The boy smiled and said Thank you! Lily kept playing and singing a song. Rockabye baby, in the treetop, she sang. The boy heard her and said Thats a nice song. Lily smiled and said Thank you! Want to swing with me? The boy said yes and they swung together, happy and having fun.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. He liked to play outside. One day, he went to a big hill. The big hill was a volcano. He did not know it was a volcano. Tim saw a deaf dog near the volcano. The dog could not hear anything. Tim said, Hello, dog! Do you want to play with me? The dog looked at Tim and wagged its tail. They played together near the volcano. As they played, Tim stumbled on a rock. He fell down and hurt his knee. Suddenly, the volcano started to shake. It was going to erupt! Tim and the dog tried to run away, but they were too slow. The volcano erupted, and they could not escape. It was a bad ending for Tim and the dog.Once upon a time there was a little girl called Bella. She was playing in her garden when she saw two animals, a rabbit and a squirrel, walking by. She wanted to join them but wasnt sure how. So she asked them, Would you like me to join you? The rabbit hopped over and said, Yes, wed love to have you join us! So the three of them travelled around the garden. They talked and laughed, looked at the flowers and skipped in the grass. Then they came across a nut. The squirrel said, Look, I know this is a very important nut and Im sure it will give us great benefits if we all join together and share it! So they all joined together, holding the nut between them. But then, before they could start eating it, the squirrel said, This wont work unless we work together. If we dont help each other, the nut wont give us anything at all. The little girl smiled and said, Thats a great lesson. We should all help one another out, then we will be able to achieve a lot more together than if we did it alone! Moral In life, its important to work together, because together we can do bigger and better things!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, Lilys mommy asked her to help with the gardening. Lily was happy to help and ran outside to the garden. While she was working, she saw a ladder leaning against the fence. Lily knew she wasnt supposed to climb it, but she felt curious. She climbed up the ladder and felt very tall. Suddenly, her mommy called out, Lily, be alert! You could fall! Lily quickly climbed down the ladder and said, I wont climb it again, mommy. I promise. From that day on, Lily remembered to be careful and not to climb the ladder without her mommys help.One day, three happy friends wanted an adventure. The friends wanted to explore a valley. So the friends walked and walked until they reached the valley. But the valley was weird. The friends didnt like it. It was strange and made them feel scared. So the friends decided to go back home. But then, something strange happened! A big number appeared in the sky. The number got bigger and bigger, making the valley darker and darker. Suddenly, it was dark. The friends were really scared. They ran away as fast as they could until they were far away from the valley. The friends never went back to the weird valley again.Once upon a time, there was a strong ostrich who lived in the jungle. He was very proud and refused to surrender to any other animal. One day, a lion sauntered into the jungle and challenged the ostrich for the title of king. The ostrich refused to back down. The lion thundered, I must be king of the jungle. Surrender or face the consequences! The ostrich stood proud and shouted, Never! I will never surrender! The lion roared, but the ostrich was not scared. He stayed very strong and refused to back down. Eventually the lion gave up and left the jungle. The ostrich remained the king of the jungle, proud and strong. He never surrendered.Once, a poor family lived in a small house. The father was often away at work and the mother had to look after their three children all on her own. Every year the mother insisted that the children saved a little bit of money. The eldest child was 7, the middle child was 5 and the youngest child was only 3. The youngest child was too young to understand why his mother insisted that they save money but he listened to her anyways. One day, the mother insisted that the children put their money in the bank. The eldest and middle children each had five dollars and the youngest just had one. He thought it was too little to save but his mother said it was a good start. Even though he was only three, the youngest child was determined to save money like his mother insisted. Every week he added a cents or two to his money box until he eventually had enough to put in the bank. When he did, the mother said that he was a clever boy for following her instructions and would be rewarded for it one day. The youngest child smiled, knowing that he did the right thing.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Mikey who really liked to watch cartoons. One day, he was watching his favourite cartoon when he heard a noise outside. He got up to take a look, but all he could see was a big nosy dog. Woof! said the dog. Mikey got scared and shouted, Go away, dog! But the dog didnt move. Mikey was so mad. He picked up a big stick and tried to scare the dog off, but it was no use. The dog just kept on barking. Then, out of nowhere, Mikey heard a voice behind him. It was coming from inside his house. No need to be so nosy, silly dog, said the voice. Mikey turned around and saw his mom, who was shaking her head at the dog and smiling. Mikey laughed and said to the dog, You better listen to my mom! The dog finally left and Mikey went back to watching his cartoon. He had learned to be brave, even though sometimes he forgot to listen. From then on, he knew that his mom would always set him right.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved her pink teddy bear more than anything in the world. One day, Lily was playing with her teddy bear when she accidentally dropped it behind the couch. She tried to reach for it, but it was hidden too far away. Lily started to cry and her mommy came to see what was wrong. What happened, sweetie? her mommy asked. I dropped my teddy bear and its hidden behind the couch, Lily replied between sobs. Her mommy smiled and said, Dont worry, well find it together. They moved the couch and found the pink teddy bear. Lily was so happy and hugged her mommy tightly. The moral of the story is that its okay to make mistakes and ask for help. Sometimes things get hidden or lost, but with a little help, they can be found again.Jimmy was sad because he wanted a peanut so badly. He had never tasted one before and he thought they sounded tasty. So, Jimmy kneeled down and prayed to God. He asked God for a peanut, so he could know how tasty they were. But, no matter how much he prayed, nothing happened. Jimmy kept praying and praying until he eventually fell asleep. Suddenly, he was awoken by the sound of birds! He looked up, and to his surprise he saw a giant peanut tree! It had so many peanuts, and Jimmys mouth was watering. He jumped up and started filling his pockets with the tastiest peanuts he had ever seen! Jimmy thanked God for the wonderful gift and he enjoyed his tasty peanuts all day.Tom and Lily were playing in the snow. They made a big snowman with a hat, a scarf and a carrot for a nose. They were very happy. Look, our snowman is so nice! Lily said. Yes, he is. But he needs something else. He needs eyes and a mouth, Tom said. They looked around for some stones or sticks. They saw a big red car arrive. A man got out of the car. He had a big red nose and a big red smile. Hello, children. I am Mr. Claus. I have some presents for you, he said. Tom and Lily were surprised and excited. They ran to the car. Wow, thank you, Mr. Claus. You are so kind, they said. Mr. Claus gave them a big bag of toys. They opened the bag and saw dolls, cars, books and games. They hugged Mr. Claus. Thank you, thank you, thank you, they said. Mr. Claus laughed. He touched his red nose. You are very welcome, children. But I have to go now. I have more presents to deliver. Merry Christmas, he said. He got back in his car and drove away. Tom and Lily waved goodbye. They looked at their snowman. He had a big red nose and a big red smile, just like Mr. Claus. They smiled too. They had the best Christmas ever.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She went on a trip with her family to a big hotel. Everything was normal at first. They went swimming and ate yummy food. But then, Lily slipped on the wet floor and hurt her leg. She had to go to the hospital. The doctors said she couldnt walk for a long time. Lily was sad because she couldnt play with her family anymore. She had to stay in the hotel room all day. Her family went out to have fun without her. In the end, Lily had to go home in a wheelchair. She missed the rest of the trip and wished she never slipped. The end.Once upon a time, there was a mysterious knight. He lived in a faraway kingdom, and he was always ready to rescue people in need. One day, he heard a loud sound coming from a nearby village. He knew he had to help! He rushed over on his horse and saw a huge fire. People were shouting for help, so the knight rushed in. He worked fast and started rescuing people, one by one. Suddenly, he heard a loud sound. It was an ambulance! It was here to take any injured people to the hospital. The mysterious knight helped everyone get in the ambulance, and then he watched it drive away. Everyone was safe. The knight was proud of his rescue mission, and everyone in the village was very thankful. The knight had proved himself to be a brave and mysterious hero.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a humble house with a big yard. One day, Lilys mom asked her to help find her belt. Lily searched high and low but couldnt find the belt. She asked her mom, Where did you put it? Her mom replied, I dont know, sweetie. Can you hear it jingling? Lily listened carefully and heard a jingling sound coming from the laundry basket. She dug through the clothes and found the belt. I found it! she exclaimed. Her mom praised her for being such a good helper and gave her a big hug. From then on, Lily always listened carefully to hear things and was proud of herself for finding the belt.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. He loved to play outside. One day, Tim saw a dirty map on the ground. He picked it up and saw a big X on it. He thought it was a treasure map! Tim showed the map to his friend, Anna. Look, a treasure map! Tim said. Anna was excited too. They decided to follow the map together. They took big steps and little steps, just like the map said. After some time, they found the big X on the ground. Tim and Anna dug and dug until they found a box. Inside the box, there was treasure! It was full of shiny gold coins. They were so happy and shared the treasure with their friends.Once upon a time, there was a curious little boy named Tom. Tom was an adventurous little boy and loved playing outside in his big backyard. One day, as Tom was playing, he heard a loud ROAR! Tom was very scared, until he realized that it was only a tiger from the zoo that had escaped! Tom was familiar with tigers from the zoo and was curious to know why the tiger was in his backyard. So, he bravely approached the tiger and said, Hi there! What are you doing here?. The tiger seemed very friendly and eventually replied, I wanted to see what it was like outside the zoo. Have you ever wanted to explore too?. Tom thought about it for a moment, then replied, Yes, I like to go exploring all the time. Do you want to join me?. The tiger thought it was a great idea! So, Tom and the tiger spent the whole day exploring together, and had a lot of fun. Tom realized that sometimes, wonderful things can happen when you are brave and follow your curiosity!Once upon a time there was a man who worked a very special job. Every day he would step into the deep water. He would wrap his arms around a big net, and then he would start to step. Step, step, step. He would take big, strong steps until he found what he was looking for. It was his job to find the treasures that hid in the deep water. He would find little treasures like pebbles and shells. He would also find big treasures like starfish and coral. Every day he would bring his treasures out of the deep water, and then he would show them to all his friends. The mans friends were always so excited. They were always so happy to see the mans amazing treasures. They would step closer to him and look inside his net to find a cool new treasure. They would ooh and aah at all the little things he brought out of the deep waters. The man worked this job every day. He stepped into the deep water and found amazing treasures. He always made his friends smile with all his deep sea discoveries.Lily and Max were playing in the living room. They had a big cardboard box that they used as a house. They cut out windows and a door and drew pictures on the walls. They had a lot of fun. But then Max got hungry. He looked around for something to eat. He saw a banana on the table, but it was too far away. He saw a cookie on the floor, but it was dirty. He saw the cardboard box, and it looked tasty. He took a bite. Max, what are you doing? Lily asked. She saw Max eating the cardboard. She was angry. Thats our house! You cant eat our house! But Im hungry, Max said. He chewed the cardboard. It was hard and dry. He didnt like it, but he didnt want to stop. Yes, you are hungry, but cardboard is not food, Lily said. She tried to take the cardboard away from Max. You need to eat something else. Something good for you. Like a banana or a cookie. No, I want to eat the cardboard, Max said. He held on to the cardboard. He tried to eat more, but it didnt fit in his mouth. He spit it out. They both looked at the cardboard. It had a big hole in it. It was not a house anymore. It was a mess. They both felt sad. They had ruined their fun. They wished they had not eaten the cardboard. They wished they had eaten something else. Something good for them. Like a banana or a cookie.Once upon a time there was a small boy who loved to relax. Every day after school he would lie down in his bed and close his eyes. He would think of all the fun things he had done and the people he had met that day. One day while he was lying in his bed, he found a small pencil. He picked it up and looked at it. He liked the way it felt in his hand and wanted to use it. He sat up in his bed and looked around. He had a piece of paper and he wished to draw something. He closed his eyes and started to relax. Soon, he was thinking of a house or a tree or something else he wanted to draw. He opened his eyes, picked up the pencil and started to draw. He filled the paper with small, beautiful pictures that made him smile. Every time he looked at them, he relaxed even more. The pencil and the pictures helped the small boy relax and have fun. They were his special friends who made him feel so happy. From then on, he always kept the pencil nearby so that he could continue to draw whenever he felt like he needed to relax.John was so excited because he finally had his very own kitchen! It was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen with the bright porch, shiny cupboards and the big, brown table. He ran up to it and was ready to explore his brand new kitchen. As he was looking around he heard a familiar voice coming from the kitchen. John! Is that you? It was his grandma! John was so happy that he immediately ran towards the kitchen to give her a big, tight hug. I recognize you, Grandma, its me John! he shouted, delighted. Grandma beamed with joy. Yes, its me, John, she said. Lets go explore your kitchen together. John couldnt wait to show her around and proudly opened the drawers and cupboards of his beautiful new kitchen to show Grandma all the cool stuff he had. Grandma was so impressed with his kitchen and she hugged John with pride. You made me so proud, John! she said with a big smile on her face. John was so happy that he had afixed a big, brown bow to the kitchen door, as a sign of his joy. From that day, John loved spending time with his Grandma in his gorgeous new kitchen.Timmy and his mommy were walking in a park. It was a nice day but suddenly, a man came from the bushes with a gun. His clothes were filthy and Timmy was scared. His mommy was scared, too. Im sorry, the man said. I just need some money to buy food. Timmys mommy didnt have any money but she said, I hope theres another way for you to get food other than this. The man seemed to consider her words for a minute and then he said, I hope so too. He put the gun away and he walked away. Timmy and his mommy were relieved. They hugged each other, thankful to have avoided a terrible situation. They looked around to make sure the man was gone and then they continued their walk. It was a much nicer afternoon after this. Timmy and his mommy looked forward to many more nice days spent together in the park.Once there was a little girl who loved playing her flute. She was very proud of her flute and took great care of it. She practiced very hard to learn new and interesting tunes with her flute. One day, the little girl went to play in the park. As she was walking there, an evil bird swooped down from the sky and tried to pinch her flute away! The little girl shouted loudly, and the bird flew away. The little girl was very sad that the bird had tried to pinch her flute. But she was determined to protect her flute and not let anything bad happen to it. The little girl quickly followed the bird. Despite the birds numbers, the little girl managed to outsmart it by hiding and waiting patiently. Finally, she was able to catch the bird and make sure it wouldnt pinch her flute again. The little girl was very proud of herself for being brave and defeating the evil bird. She went back to playing her flute and learning new and interesting tunes.Sam and Mia are friends. They like to play with toys. One day, they find a big box in the park. The box has many things inside. Some things are shiny, some things are soft, some things make noise. What is this? Sam asks, pointing to a round thing with buttons and a screen. I dont know. Maybe it is a test, Mia says. Lets try it. They push the buttons and the screen lights up. It shows letters and numbers and pictures. They hear a voice from the screen. Hello, children. This is a test. Can you answer some questions? Sam and Mia are curious. They nod and say yes. Good. Question one what is the name of this animal? The screen shows a picture of a cat. Cat! Sam and Mia say together. Correct. Question two what color is the sky? Blue! Sam and Mia say together. Correct. Question three how many fingers do you have? Sam and Mia look at their hands. They count their fingers. Ten! Sam and Mia say together. Correct. You are very smart. Here is a prize for you. The screen shows a picture of a star. Wow, a star! Sam and Mia say together. They are happy. But then, something goes wrong. The screen starts to flicker and make strange noises. The voice from the screen changes. Error, error, error. Test is broken. Test is broken. Test is broken. Sam and Mia are scared. They drop the round thing and run away. They leave the box and the things behind. They dont want to play with the test anymore. They want to play with their toys.Little Jack was walking in the park. He liked to look up in the sky and see the birds flying around. As he looked up at the sky, he saw something scary. It was his older brother, teasing him by jumping from branch to branch! Jack was scared but he didnt want to show it. He had heard stories from his mom about how dangerous it was to tease people in the park. Jacks brother came down from the tree and apologized for teasing Jack. He said he was just trying to have some fun and wanted Jack to join in. So Jack slowly climbed up the tree and looked down from the top. He was amazed by how high he was, and he could see the whole park! Soon the boys were happily looking at the sky and pointing out the birds that flew around them. Jacks brother reminded him to never tease anyone, especially in a scary place like the park. Jack understood, and he promised himself to have fun but never to tease anyone ever again. He was grateful to his brother for helping him stay safe!Once upon a time there was a boy called Ted. Ted loved to catch things! One day his mum took him on a visit to a farm. Ted was so excited! At the farm Ted saw lots of animals. There were chickens and cows and even rabbits. Ted spotted a harmless white rabbit, so he decided to try and catch it. He crept up quietly and tried to grab it, but it was too quick for him! He was so disappointed. Suddenly, he heard a noise. It was coming from the barn. Ted ran over and looked inside. There, sitting in the middle of the barn, was a big, harmless dog! It was looking at Ted with its big brown eyes. Ted thought the dog was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. So he decided to catch it! He carefully crept closer and then grabbed it around the neck. The dog didnt mind, it just wagged its tail. Ted and the dog were friends ever since! They would visit the farm often and Ted would take the dog for walks. It was the greatest visit Ted had ever made!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to draw and write with her crayons. One day, Lilys friend came over and saw all of her pretty pictures. Her friend wanted to draw too, but she said she couldnt because she wasnt good at it. Lily told her friend that it didnt matter if she wasnt good, as long as she had fun doing it. Later that day, Lilys friend saw a big zero on her math test. She felt sad and said she wasnt good at math. Lily reminded her friend that its okay to make mistakes and that everyone learns at their own pace. The next day, Lilys friend came over again and wanted to play dress up. She tried on a dress that was too small and said it didnt fit. Lily told her friend that it was okay and that they could find another dress that did fit. Lilys friend learned that its important to try new things, even if youre not good at them, and that mistakes are okay. Its also important to find things that fit you and make you happy.Lily and Ben are twins. They like to play with their toys and eat yummy food. But sometimes they fight over things. One day, they have soup for lunch. Mom gives them each a bowl and a spoon. Lily likes her spoon. It is shiny and pink. She says, This is my spoon. It is pretty and good. Ben likes his spoon too. It is bright and blue. He says, This is my spoon. It is lively and fun. But then Ben sees Lilys spoon. He thinks it is nicer than his. He says, I want your spoon. Give it to me. Lily says, No, this is my spoon. You have your own spoon. Go away. Ben does not listen. He tries to grab Lilys spoon. Lily holds it tight. They pull and tug. The spoons clink and clank. The soup spills and splashes. Mom hears the noise. She comes to the kitchen. She sees the mess and the twins. She is not happy. She says, Stop it, Lily and Ben. You are making a big mess. You should share your spoons and be nice to each other. Lily and Ben feel sorry. They say, Sorry, Mom. Sorry, Lily. Sorry, Ben. Mom smiles. She says, Its okay. I love you both. But you need to clean up the mess and finish your soup. And next time, be happy with what you have. Lily and Ben nod. They hug Mom and each other. They swap their spoons and say, Thank you. They eat their soup and enjoy their spoons. They are friends again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Sue. Sue loved candy more than anything in the world. She also loved to mail letters to her friends. One day, Sue found a big, icy rock. It was so cold that she had to wear gloves to touch it. She thought it was very special and wanted to show it to her best friend, Tim. Sue had an idea. She would mail the icy rock to Tim with a letter. The letter said, Dear Tim, I found this icy rock. I hope you like it. Love, Sue. She put the rock in a box with some candy and sent it to Tims house. A few days later, Tim got the box. He was so happy to see the candy and the icy rock. But the icy rock had melted, and now it was just a wet rock. Tim laughed and thought it was funny. He ate the candy and kept the wet rock as a reminder of the fun surprise from Sue.John was ready for an adventure. He looked around and wondered what he should do. Suddenly he saw something he had never seen before. It was long and pointed and huge! It was a thermometer. He had no idea what a thermometer was, but he was ready to find out. John walked over to the thermometer and saw it had markings on it. He wondered what they meant. He touched it and felt something he had never felt before. It was cool, so he wondered if it was telling him the temperature outside. John thought it was exciting to try something new. He looked around to see if anyone else knew what the thermometer meant, but no one was in sight. He decided to explore some more and see what else he could discover.One day, a large velvet chair appeared on the porch. All the children in the neighbourhood were curious to find out who the chair belonged to. The kids started to whisper to each other. I think its for me one said. They all went up to the chair and started to feel how soft it was. Suddenly, a voice boomed from upstairs. Who said you could touch my chair?â The children froze, not sure what to do. An old lady stepped onto the porch and smiled at them. âœItâs for all of you to enjoy,â she said. The children cheered with delight. Every day they spent happy hours playing on the large velvet chair. It was the favourite spot in all of the neighbourhood.Once upon a time, there was a happy duck. She loved to swim in the pond. But she always complained that it was too small. She wanted a bigger pond where she could flop around with all of her duck friends. One day, she saw a big blue pond in the distance and started quacking excitedly. She swam over there to investigate. When she got there she saw so many ducks splashing and swimming around. She jumped in with them and started enjoying herself. She wiggled her tail and bobbed in and out of the cool water. She had so much fun! After a while though, she started to complain that she was hungry. She was lucky that she spied a juicy worm wiggling near the side of the pond. The happy duck gobbled up the worm, quacked loudly, then swam back to her little pond. From then on, whenever she was feeling a little fed up, she would visit the big blue pond and frolic with her new friends.Once upon a time, there was a dead mouse. It had a small, fluffy tail. Nearby, there was a little boy. He saw the mouse and noticed its tail. He thought it was the cutest thing he had ever seen! He decided to give the mouse a hug and he valued the moment they shared. The boy went back to his home and told his mom and dad about the mouse. They didnt think the mouse was so cute, but the boy wanted to keep the tail as a reminder of the special moment he had shared with the mouse. The boy kept the mouses tail on his nightstand and he valued it every single day. The little boy always remembered to be kind to animals, even when they were dead. The end.Once there was a boy named Tom. Tom was very silly and he loved firework. One day Tom was in the park when he saw a firework. He wanted to play with it! So he dropped it on the ground and it made a loud noise. Tom was so happy and he started to laugh. He jumped around and said, This is fun! Then suddenly, the firework made a bigger noise and flew up in the sky. Tom looked up and saw the beautiful firework shooting across the sky. It was so colorful! Tom knew he had been silly, but it was still a lot of fun. He smiled and waved goodbye to the firework as it disappeared.Tom and Lily liked to play in the park. They liked to swing, slide and run. But one day, the park was closed. A big storm had broken the swings, the slide and the fence. Tom and Lily were sad. They wanted to play in the park again. The next day, they saw some people with tools and trucks. They were fixing the park. They were restoring the swings, the slide and the fence. Tom and Lily were happy. They wanted to help. They asked the people if they could help. The people said yes. They gave Tom and Lily some paint and brushes. Tom and Lily painted the fence with bright colors. While they were painting, they heard a loud noise. It was thunder. The sky was dark and angry. It was going to rain. The people said they had to stop working and go home. They said they would come back tomorrow and finish the job. Tom and Lily were sad. They wanted to play in the park now. But then, they saw something in the sky. It was a rainbow. It was big and bright and beautiful. It had many colors, like the fence. Tom and Lily smiled. They thought the rainbow was a sign. They thought it was saying that the park would be ready soon. They thought it was saying that the storm was over. They thought it was saying that the park was mighty. Tom and Lily thanked the people and went home. They hoped to play in the park tomorrow.One day, a little puppy named Max was very excited. He wanted to play with his friends in the park. Max loved to run, jump, and dive into the grass. He told his mom, I want to play with my friends today! Maxs mom said, Okay, but be careful near the pond. You might slip and fall in! Max nodded and ran to the park. He saw his friends playing near the pond. They were all having fun. Max played with his friends, running and jumping around. Then, he saw a big ball near the pond. Max got excited and ran to get the ball. He forgot what his mom said about being careful. Max took a big dive to catch the ball, but he slipped and fell into the pond. His friends helped him out, and Max learned to always listen to his mom.Once, there lived an old man and his pet dog, Spot. They lived in a tall, green house in the middle of the forest. One day Spot found a strange, yellow bottle in the forest. He ran back to the old man, wagging his tail. The old man said, Spot, what have you found? Spot dropped the bottle and the old man picked it up. He saw that there was a label that said POISON. The old man said, Oh no, this bottle has poison in it! We must get rid of it now. Spot and the old man went to the top of a high hill and threw the bottle as far away as they could. They said goodbye to the bottle and watched it float away until it was out of sight. The old man hugged Spot and said, Spot, you always give me joy and happiness. I will never give you any poison.Mrs. Jenny was a very busy lady. She had lots of tasks to do each day, from organizing her groceries to helping her kids with their homework. She was always trying to find a way to organize her tasks more efficiently. One day, Mrs. Jenny had an incredible idea. She decided to make a list of all the tasks that she had to do each day. She wrote them all down on a big piece of paper and to make it easier, she divided the tasks into four categories. Mrs. Jenny was excited to show her idea to her three year old daughter, Mandy. When Mandy came into the kitchen, Mrs. Jenny said, Look Mandy, I made this list of tasks help me organize my day. Isnt it incredible? Mandy nodded her head in agreement. Yes, Its so cool, she said. Then Mandy took the paper and started to put stickers on each task. Soon the sheet looked colorful and fun. Mrs. Jenny smiled. She knew that with her task list, organizing her day would be much easier.Little Kate and her family were out for a picnic. Everyone was very excited. Kate liked to observe the world around her. She watched a family of birds. The parents were building a nest and the babies were happy and jumping around. That made Kate smile. Kate looked around and saw lots of other families. One family had a lot of children, while another family had two children. Each family was flexible and did different things. Kate looked back at her own family. Her parents hugged each other and her brother giggled. She smiled at the sight and knew that her family was special.Lily and Ben are friends. They like to play in the park. One day, they see a big tree with many fruits. The fruits are red and round. They look yummy. Lets pick some fruits! Ben says. He runs to the tree and climbs up. Lily follows him. They pick some fruits and put them in a basket. They are happy. They want to eat the fruits. But then, they hear a loud voice. It is the farmer. He is angry. Hey, you! Stop stealing my fruits! he shouts. He runs to the tree with a stick. Lily and Ben are scared. They drop the basket and the fruits. The fruits are broken. They fall from the tree and run away. The farmer is sad. He worked hard to grow the fruits. He wanted to sell them at the market. Now, he has no fruits. Lily and Ben feel bad. They know they did wrong. They should not take what is not theirs. They should ask before they touch. They go back to the park. They say sorry to the farmer. They help him pick up the fruits. They give him some money. The farmer is happy. He forgives them. He gives them some fruits. He tells them to be honest and respectful. Lily and Ben are happy. They learned a lesson. They thank the farmer. They share the fruits with their friends. They promise to be good.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy was very poor, and he didnt have many toys to play with. One day, Timmys mom took him to the store to buy some ice cream. Timmy was so excited! When they got home, Timmys mom put the ice cream in the freezer. Timmy asked, Can we eat it now? His mom said, No, we have to wait for it to freeze. Timmy didnt understand what that meant, so he asked his mom, What does freeze mean? His mom explained, It means the ice cream gets very cold and hard. After a while, Timmy asked, When will the freezing end? His mom said, Soon, dont worry. Finally, the freezing ended and they could eat the ice cream. Timmy was so happy! He said to his mom, This is the best day ever!Once upon a time there was a yellow pony with a very beautiful mane. Every day the pony would run around the village in search of fresh grass to eat. One day, out of nowhere, the pony vanished! The villagers were very surprised and began to search for the pony. Finally they found the pony in the woods. The little pony was standing below a large yellow tree with its tail between its legs. The villagers asked Why did you vanish? The pony smiled and said I wanted to find big grass for me to eat! Everyone began to laugh and the pony ran away happily. But the villagers never forgot the yellow pony that could vanish and reappear!Once upon a time, there was a pistol. It was shiny and silver. Everyone wanted it because it was so special. The pistol had a secret. It could close and that was fun. Everyone tried to see what it could do. One day, a little girl was embarrassed. She wanted to try the pistol too. She closed her eyes tight and pulled the trigger. To her surprise, the pistol closed and she opened her eyes wide. Everyone was so excited by the surprise. They all cheered. The little girl blushed. She was embarrassed but so proud of herself. The little girl continued to try the pistol. Every time she closed it correctly, she was so happy. The End.Lily was a very independent girl. She liked to do things by herself and explore new places. One day, she went to the park with her mom and saw a big maze made of hedges. She wanted to go inside and find the way out. She asked her mom if she could go. Her mom said yes, but she had to stay close and listen to her voice. Lily agreed and ran to the entrance of the maze. She was very excited and curious. She walked along the paths and turned left and right. She saw many flowers and birds and bugs. She also saw some other kids who were playing in the maze. She decided to introduce herself and make some friends. She said hello to a boy who had a red hat and a girl who had a blue dress. They said hello back and told her their names. They were Tom and Anna. They asked her if she wanted to play with them. She said yes and they smiled. They played hide and seek and tag and made funny noises. They had a lot of fun and laughed a lot. Lily was happy and forgot about the time. She did not hear her mom calling her name. Her mom was worried and looked for her in the maze. She asked some other parents and kids if they had seen her. They said no and helped her search. They walked and shouted and checked every corner. Finally, they found Lily and her new friends. They were sitting on a bench and eating some cookies. Lily saw her mom and ran to hug her. She said sorry for not listening and introduced her friends. Her mom was relieved and happy. She said hello to Tom and Anna and thanked them for sharing their cookies. She also said it was time to go home. Lily said goodbye to her friends and promised to see them again. They said goodbye and waved. Lily and her mom left the maze and walked to the car. Lily told her mom about her adventure and how much she liked the maze. Her mom listened and smiled. She was proud of her independent girl.Mama and Papa had a stack of wood in the backyard. Every day, the wood pile would get smaller and smaller. Mama and Papa would haul the wood in the small cart to the houses of their neighbors. One day, when Mama and Papa came home, they heard a loud noise. It was coming from the backyard. Mama and Papa walked over and saw a 3yearold child, who was complaining loudly. Mama asked the child what was wrong. The child said, This stack of wood is too heavy. I cant move it! Mama smiled and said, No problem. Papa and I will help you move it. That way, it wont be too heavy for you. Mama and Papa then helped the 3yearold move the stack of wood. The child was so grateful for their help. After finishing the task, the 3yearold thanked Mama and Papa for helping them move the wood. And from that day onwards, the 3yearold had learned an important lesson its sometimes okay to ask for help.Once upon a time, there was a little girl who was very troubled. Her parents were so worried about her that they had to sign her up for special classes. At first, the girl was too scared to even talk. She was hesitant to make any new friends too. Then, one day, she went to a new class and met a special teacher. This teacher was very kind and gentle and the girl began to open up. The teacher asked the girl to use her muscles to do special exercises. The girl was amazed at how these activities helped her to feel better. She no longer felt so troubled. Soon, everyone in the class could see the difference in the girl. She was smiling and laughing and even made some new friends. The teacher had given the girl something special a way to cope with her troubles. She had given her the tools to make her feel better and to carry on in life.Once upon a time there was a panda who was very intelligent. He wanted to tell the world about his intelligence, so he asked his friends for help. His lion friend said he could shout about it, but his rabbit friend knew a better way. The rabbit told him to go to the park and show everyone by using his intelligence. So the panda went to the park and started doing lots of amazing things. He climbed a tree, jumped over a pond and even taught a group of birds some special tricks. Everyone was so impressed with the pandas skills and began to tell all of their friends. Soon enough, the whole park was full of people watching and cheering the intelligent panda. He was so proud of himself and decided to keep showing off his intelligence. The panda had become famous and everyone in the park was sure to tell everyone they knew about the intelligent panda. He was a big hit and the whole town was proud of him!Sam and Jen were best friends. They liked to play together every day. They had a special place in the park, where they could hide and make up stories. They called it their secret place. One day, Sams mom told him they had to move to a new place. Sam was very sad. He did not want to leave Jen and their secret place. He did not want to go to a new place where he did not know anyone. He wanted to stay with Jen forever. He told Jen the bad news. Jen was very sad too. She did not want to separate from Sam. She did not want to lose her best friend. She wanted to play with Sam every day. She gave Sam a big hug and a picture she drew of them. Sam and Jen said goodbye. They cried a lot. They promised to write to each other and to remember their secret place. Sam got in the car with his mom and dad. He looked out the window and waved to Jen. Jen waved back and watched the car drive away. Sam and Jen never saw each other again. They moved to different places and made new friends. They forgot to write to each other and to remember their secret place. They grew up and lived ordinary lives. They did not know that they had lost something very special. They did not know that they had lost each other.Anna and Ben like to play in the snow. They make a big snowman with a hat and a scarf. They give him a carrot nose and two coal eyes. They are very happy. Look at our snowman! Anna says. He is so big and nice! Yes, he is! Ben says. Lets take a picture of him. We can show it to Mom and Dad. They run inside the house and get a camera. They come back and stand next to the snowman. They smile and say Cheese! But then, a big dog comes. He sees the snowman and thinks it is a toy. He runs to the snowman and jumps on him. He bites the hat and the scarf. He pulls the carrot nose and the coal eyes. He makes the snowman fall down. Anna and Ben are very sad. They cry and scream. Go away, bad dog! Anna says. You broke our snowman! Leave us alone, bad dog! Ben says. You ruined our picture! But the dog does not listen. He is having fun. He covers the camera with snow. He scratches the image. He makes it icy and blurry. Anna and Ben cannot see their snowman anymore. They cannot see their picture anymore. They have nothing to show to Mom and Dad. They have a bad day.Tom and Lily liked to play in the park. They liked to run and jump and slide and swing. One day, they saw a big pond in the park. They wanted to see what was in the pond. They walked to the pond and looked. They saw some fish and some frogs and some ducks. They also saw something big and green and scary. It was an alligator! The alligator saw them and opened its mouth. It had many sharp teeth. Tom and Lily were scared. They ran away from the pond. They shouted for help. They saw their mom and dad. They ran to them and hugged them. They told them about the alligator. Mom and dad were worried. They looked at the pond. They saw the alligator too. They called the park ranger. The park ranger came and caught the alligator. He said the alligator was hurt and lost. He said he would take it to a safe place. Tom and Lily were glad. They said sorry to the alligator. They hoped it would feel better. They said thank you to the park ranger. They learned to be careful near the pond. They went back to play in the park. They had fun. They did not see the alligator again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl. She had soft hair and a big smile. She was the best at everything, but had a problem. She couldnt grab the language. Everywhere she went, everyone talked, but she didnt understand. She would struggle to make sense of it all and it made her sad. She wanted to talk too, but it just wouldnt work. One day, her family came together to help. They sat down with her and tried to show her how to grab the language. It was tricky at first, but with lots of help and patience, she got better and better. Finally, her hard work paid off and she started to grab the language. She talked, laughed and played with her family. She was so proud of herself and so happy. The End.Once upon a time, two brothers named Ben and Max were arguing about something. They didnt know how to decide who was right and who was wrong, so they decided to weigh a big barrel to see who was right. Just then, an old man named Mr. Badger walked by. He had a very mean look on his face. He noticed the boys arguing, and he asked them why they were fighting. Ben and Max told him about the barrel and how they were both trying to prove who was right. Mr. Badger thought for a moment and then said, If you want to know who is right, then let me weigh the barrel. That way we can decide who gets the credit. Ben and Max were excited and thankful for Mr. Badgers help. So, they carried the barrel over to his old scale and put it onto the scale. Mr.Badger peered at the scale, and then he said to Ben and Max, You know what? You are both right! The boys couldnt believe what Mr. Badger said because the barrel was too heavy for either one of them to be right. Mr. Badger then explained that the barrel was too heavy for either one of them to be wrong, either. Ben and Max were very happy, and they thanked Mr. Badger for his help. From then on, they agreed that they should never let aOnce there was a hungry girl called Amy. She saw a path, so she followed it. It was a winding path that was full of exciting things to explore. Amy came across a big tree and she touched it with her hand. The bark was smooth and sharp. Amy got hungrier and hungrier. Suddenly she saw a big, juicy strawberry growing on the tree. She climbed up the tree and picked it. It was so sweet! She enjoyed it very much and then carried on down the path. At the end of the path, there was a big lake. Amy saw some fishes swimming in the water, so she decided to try to catch them. She went to the shore and threw in a pebble. The fishes got sharp and started to swim away. Amy was so happy to see them. She sat by the lake with her strawberry and watched the fishes. It was a beautiful day. And best of all, she was no longer hungry.Ben and Lily were playing with their toys in the living room. Ben had a big truck that he liked to zoom around the floor. Lily had a doll that she liked to dress up and talk to. They were having fun, but they also wanted different things. Let me play with your truck, Ben, Lily said. It looks so fast and loud. No, its mine, Ben said. You have your doll. She is so pretty and intelligent. She can do anything. But I want to try your truck, too, Lily said. Please, Ben, just for a little bit. Ben did not want to share his truck. He liked it too much. He zoomed it away from Lily and made it jump over a pillow. He laughed and said, My truck is the best toy ever. Your doll is boring. Lily felt sad and angry. She did not like Bens words. She thought her doll was not boring. She thought her doll was wonderful. She wanted to show Ben that her doll was better than his truck. She grabbed her doll and ran after Ben. She tried to catch his truck and make it fall. But Ben was faster and smarter. He saw Lily coming and turned his truck around. He made it go towards Lily and bump into her legs. Lily lost her balance and fell to the floor. Her doll flew out of her hands and landed on the couch. Ha ha, I win! Ben said. My truck is stronger than your doll. Your doll is weak and silly. Lily felt hurt and angry. She did not like Bens actions. She thought his truck was not stronger than her doll. She thought his truck was mean and rude. She wanted to tell Ben that he was wrong. She got up from the floor and ran to the couch. She picked up her doll and hugged her. No, you dont win! Lily said. My doll is not weak and silly. She is brave and kind. She can do anything. She can even fly! Lily threw her doll in the air and made her soar over Bens head. She smiled and said, See? My doll is the best toy ever. Your truck is boring. Ben looked up and saw Lilys doll flying. He felt surprised and curious. He wondered how Lily did that. He wanted to try it, too. He grabbed his truck and threw it in the air. He hoped it would fly like Lilys doll. But his truck did not fly. It fell to the ground and broke into pieces. Ben felt sad and angry. He did not like what happened. He thought his truck was not boring. He thought his truck was wonderful. He wanted to fix his truck and make it work again. He looked at Lily and said, You broke my truck! You are mean and silly. I dont want to play with you anymore. Lily looked at Ben and saw his broken truck. She felt sorry and guilty. She did not mean to break his truck. She thought his truck was not mean and rude. She thought his truck was fun and cool. She wanted to help Ben and make him happy again. She looked at her doll and said, Im sorry, Ben. I didnt mean to break your truck. It was an accident. Your truck is not boring. It is fast and loud. It can do anything. It can even fly! She picked up her doll and gave it to Ben. She said, Here, you can play with my doll. She is pretty and intelligent. She can do anything. She can even fly! Ben looked at Lily and saw her doll. He felt confused and happy. He did not expect her to give him her doll. He thought her doll was not weak and silly. He thought her doll was brave and kind. He wanted to play with her doll and make her fly. He took her doll and said, Thank you, Lily. Im sorry, too. I didnt mean to hurt you. Your doll is not boring. She is wonderful. She can do anything. She can even fly! He threw her doll in the air and made her soar over his head. He smiled and said, See? She can fly! Lily smiled and said, Yes, she can! They both laughed and hugged. They decided to share their toys and play together. They had fun, and they also learned something. They learned that their toys were not better or worse than each other. They learned that their toys were different and special. They learned that they were friends.One day, a big cat and a small dog were playing near a tree. The cat was very mean and liked to slap the dog. The dog did not like this, but he was too small to do anything. The small dog said, Please stop slapping me, cat. It is not nice. The big cat did not care. He was deaf and could not hear the dogs words. The cat kept slapping the dog, and the dog felt sad. Then, the dog had an idea. He saw a point on the tree and thought it could help him. He ran to the point and hid behind it. The cat tried to slap the dog, but he missed and hit the point instead. The point was very sharp, and the cat got hurt. The dog was happy, but the cat was angry and in pain. The cat never learned to be nice, and they never played together again.Anna and Ben are friends. They like to play outside in the park. They enjoy the different seasons. In spring, they see colorful flowers and birds. In summer, they splash in the water and eat ice cream. In fall, they jump in the leaves and pick apples. In winter, they make snowmen and slide on the ice. One day, they go to the park in winter. They see a big hill with snow. They want to slide down the hill. Anna says, Lets use this sled. It is red and shiny. It is fast and fun. Ben says, No, lets use this board. It is blue and smooth. It is cool and easy. They both want to use their own thing. They do not want to share. They start to argue. Red sled is better! Anna says. Blue board is better! Ben says. They pull and tug at their things. They get angry and sad. They do not play anymore. They sit on the snow and pout. A dog comes to the park. He sees the red sled and the blue board. He thinks they are toys. He runs to them and grabs them with his mouth. He runs away with them. He is happy. Anna and Ben see the dog. They see their things. They are shocked and scared. They run after the dog. They shout, Stop! Come back! Give us our things! The dog does not listen. He runs faster and farther. He goes to another park. He drops the red sled and the blue board. He finds a ball. He plays with the ball. Anna and Ben reach the other park. They see their things. They are relieved and glad. They run to them and hug them. They say, We are sorry. We were silly. We should have shared. We are friends. They look at each other and smile. They decide to try each others thing. Anna slides on the blue board. Ben slides on the red sled. They have fun. They enjoy the winter. They are happy.One day, a kind little girl named Lily was playing in her backyard. She liked to explore the garden and see all the beautiful flowers. Suddenly, she heard a loud sound coming from the front lawn. She wondered what it was and decided to follow it. As she stepped out to the front yard, she saw a big puppy playing with a toy. She smiled and said, Hi! Whats your name? The puppy stopped playing and barked back, My name is Spot! Would you like to play? Lily was very excited. Yes! she said. She followed Spot around the lawn, chasing him and playing catch with the toy. They had lots of fun. When it was time to go home Lily said goodbye to Spot and thanked him for being so kind and letting her play. The puppy barked back and said, Youre welcome! Come and play with me anytime!Once there was a big hill. At the top of the hill, there was a man. The man saw something in the grass. He went over to take a look. He saw a tip. It was hurt and he wanted to help. The man picked up the tip and put it in his pocket. The man walked back down the hill. He looked up and saw a bird in the sky. He watched the bird for a long time. The man took the hurt tip back to his house. He fixed the tip and it was happy again. The man put the tip in the sky, so the birds could see it. The tip was a shiny and beautiful reminder that everyone can be helped when they are hurt.Once upon a time, there were two sisters, Emma and Mia. They had a flexible plan to go to the market. Emma said, Lets reach our goal, Mia! Mia replied, Yes. We can do it! They packed a bag and set off on their adventure. After walking for a while, they could see the market. Emma smiled and said, We can almost reach it! Mia said, Yes, lets hurry! The sisters raced to the market. Emma and Mia made it just in time and hugged each other, laughing. Emma said, We did it! We reached the market! Mia replied, Yes, and it was so much fun!Molly was so excited! Her mum had just told her that she was getting a box of toys today. She jumped up and down, clapping her hands and shouting Yay! When the box arrived, Mollys dad helped her to unpack it. Inside, there were all kinds of amazing toys. There was a hopscotch set, a big top hat and a crazy spinning top. Molly loved them all, and she couldnt decide which one to play with first. Then a voice said I think you should play with this one. Molly looked around, but no one else was in the room. She slowly turned her gaze to the box, and saw the little blue spinning top smiling at her. Molly gasped and said Oh, hello! Are you a talking toy?. The spinning top nodded and said Yes, of course I am! Why dont you play with me first?. Molly was so excited to be playing with a talking toy that she couldnt wait to start. She grabbed the spinning top, and the two of them had a crazy, funfilled day, full of spinning, laughing and playing.Ana was at the zoo with her parents. She was so excited to see the animals. As she walked by the gorilla enclosure, she blinked her big eyes wide open. She had never seen one before. Suddenly, there was a deep growl. Ana jumped back in surprise. She looked up and saw a big gorilla standing in front of her. It was so tall! Ana asked her mom, What do I do? Her mom said, Its okay. Hes a very spoiled gorilla. Just smile at him Ana smiled and blinked her eyes. The gorilla smiled back and went back to playing with his friends. Ana was happy. She had just made a new friend!Once upon a time, there was a man who had a wife. They lived in a nice house with a big yard. One day, the man was cooking something yummy in the kitchen. His wife came in and asked, What are you making? The man replied, Im making cookies. Do you want to peek and see how theyre doing? The wife peeked into the oven and said, They look delicious! Can I have one? The man smiled and said, Of course you can. I made them just for you. The wife took a bite of the cookie and said, Mmm, this is so yummy! Thank you, dear. And they lived happily ever after, enjoying delicious treats together.Once upon a time, there was a little dog named Bobo. Bobo was always ready to play and have fun. One day, he saw a big step in the park. He thought it would be fun to jump on it. Bobo tried to settle near the step, but he was too excited. He ran around and around, not paying attention to where he was going. He didnt see the big hole near the step. Bobo kept playing near the step, not knowing about the hole. He was so happy and ready to jump. But then, Bobo fell into the hole. He couldnt get out and he was very sad. The fun day at the park had a bad ending for poor Bobo.Once upon a time, in a modest little house, lived a boy named Tim and his mom. Tim was a happy boy who liked to eat toast every morning for breakfast. He loved the way his mom made it, with just the right amount of butter and jam. One day, Tims mom made him toast, but it was a little bit burnt. Tim didnt want to complain, but he didnt like burnt toast. So, he tried to eat it, but it was too hard for him to bite. He looked at his mom and said, Mom, my toast is not good today. Tims mom looked at the toast and saw that it was burnt. She felt bad and said, Im sorry, Tim. I will make you a new one. Tim smiled and thanked his mom for making him a new toast. When the new toast was ready, Tim took a big bite and said, This is the best toast ever! From that day on, Tim always enjoyed his moms toast, and he never had to complain about it again. They lived happily in their modest little house, eating toast every morning and sharing lots of love and laughter.Lola was a threeyearold girl. She loved playing with her pink bracelet. She wore it everyday and never wanted to take it off. One day, she decided to explore the garden. She ran around, feeling free and happy. But then she saw a big hole. She wanted to investigate the hole, so she crawled inside. When she stepped deeper, she realized she couldnt get out. She felt helpless! Lola started to cry. Thankfully, her mummy heard her cries and found her. She smiled and hugged her daughter. Lola didnt want to let go of her bracelet, so mummy said Lola, why dont you wear the bracelet outside the hole and Ill pull you out. Lola was relieved. She passed the bracelet to her mummy, and the latter pulled her out easily. Lola hugged mummy tightly, and she never forgot how mummy saved her that day. Mummy promised to never let her get lost again, and Lola promised to always wear her bracelet.Once upon a time, in a small town, there lived a little girl named Lily. Lily wanted to be independent and do things by herself. One sunny day, she decided to go for a walk in the park alone. While walking, she saw a colorful rainbow in the sky. Lily was so happy to see it. She wanted to show the rainbow to her friend, Tim. So, she ran to Tims house and knocked on the door. Tim! Come out and see the rainbow! Lily called. Tim came outside and saw the beautiful rainbow. He was amazed by the colors. Tims mom came out too and said, Lily, you should always behave and be safe when you are alone. Lily and Tim promised to behave and be safe. They enjoyed looking at the rainbow together, and they learned the importance of being independent while also being careful. From that day on, they always remembered to behave and be safe while having fun.Once upon a time, there was a threeyearold boy named Tim. Tim was a very lucky boy, so everyone was always very kind to him. One day, Tim saw an exam on his kitchen table. He was very curious and asked his mom, What is this? Mom smiled and said, Its an exam, Tim. Its something special that you get to do. You get to show how smart you are! Tim was very excited, so he quickly tried it. But it was hard. He got many wrong answers and began to feel upset. Suddenly, a lucky rabbit appeared in the room. It said, Dont worry, Tim. You can do it! Tim felt hopeful and tried again. This time, he managed to finish the exam. He was so happy and proud of himself. The rabbit smiled and said, See, Tim? You are very lucky! And from then on, Tim always remembered to keep trying his best.Teddy was a very obedient three year old. He did what his mommy and daddy asked him to do. One day, a robot came to Teddys house. It had big shiny eyes and a funny voice. Teddy was so excited he ran to the robot and said hello. But the robot didnt want to stay. It told Teddy it had to leave. Teddy was very sad, but he was very obedient. He said goodbye to the robot and watched it go. Teddys mommy put her arm around him and said, Dont worry, Im sure the robot will come back one day. Teddy smiled and said he hoped so. He waved as the robot left and went back inside. And ever since then, Teddy has been waiting for the robot to come back. Hes sure one day it will and he cant wait to say hello again!Once there was a little boy who was walking with his mommy. He looked around him and saw a big cliff. He was so curious about it. He wanted to examine it. So, him and his mommy got closer to the cliff. He started to explore it, but he was so scared. He was feeling helpless. He thought he was too small to do anything. Mommy saw he was scared and decided to help him. She said that together they could examine the cliff properly. She held him tight and gently explained everything to him. He felt much better. They looked closely at all the rocks on the cliff. After that, he was no longer feeling helpless. He was feeling brave!One Sunday morning, Mary woke up feeling very friendly. She jumped out of bed and put on her best dress. She wanted to make everyone smile. Mary went outside to find her friends. She saw her friend Jack outside. He was standing there crying. Mary was very sad to see Jack so unhappy. She asked him why he was crying. Jack told her a big bird had swooped down and taken away his toy. Mary gave Jack a big hug and asked him to stay and join her to play. She helped him find his toy, and soon he was laughing and playing again. The sky was so blue and the sun was so bright, they knew it was going to be a very friendly Sunday.Once upon a time there was a little bunny. His name was Jack and he loved to rock. Every day he would hop around the garden looking for different things to rock on. One day Jack found a hidden door. He was very excited to see where it would lead! He jumped through and ended up in the veterinarians office. Jack looked around and saw all kinds of animals. He even saw a puppy getting a bath! He knew he was in the right place. Suddenly a voice said, Hello there! How can I help you? Jack looked up to see the vet smiling at him. Jack said, Hi! Could you help me rock? The vet said, Why of course! Lets go find something fun to rock on! The vet showed Jack a big rocking chair that he could enjoy. Jack happily began to rock. He had an amazing time. He thanked the vet and hopped out of the office. Jack knew he had found a great place to rock and he would be back again soon.Once upon a time, there was a little girl. Her name was Jill. One day, Jills mommy wanted to give her a bath. She brought Jill to the bathroom and put her in the bathtub. Jill wasnt used to bathing, but her mommy wanted to encourage her to try. She said, You can do it, Jill! Can you use the washcloth to make bubbles? Jill was scared, so she said no. But her mommy kept encouraging her. She said, Its okay, sweetheart. Im here. Ill help you. Jill felt a little better. So she put the washcloth in the water and made a lot of pale bubbles. She even splashed around and laughed. At the end of the bath, Jill felt proud of herself. She had done something new and exciting. And her mommy was so proud of her too.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy was an ordinary boy who loved to draw. He would draw every day and use his eraser to fix any mistakes he made. One day, Timmys mom gave him a new toy a recorder. Timmy was so excited to play with his new toy. He showed it to his friend, Billy, and said, Look at my new toy! It can record sounds! Billy was curious and asked, What does that mean? Timmy replied, It means I can make sounds and listen to them later. Billy was amazed and asked if he could try it too. Timmy happily let him play with it. Later that day, Timmy and Billy were playing outside when they heard a strange noise. They didnt know what it was, so Timmy decided to use his recorder to record the sound. When they played it back, they realized it was just a bird singing. They laughed and continued playing, grateful for Timmys new toy.Sara and Tom were playing in the park. They saw a big bird on a tree. The bird was brown and had a long beak. Sara thought the bird was ugly. Look, Tom, an ugly bird! Sara said. Tom looked at the bird. He did not think the bird was ugly. He thought the bird was interesting. No, Sara, not ugly. The bird is different. I want to see it closer, Tom said. He walked to the tree. He wanted to touch the bird. The bird saw Tom. The bird did not like Tom. The bird made a loud noise. The bird flew away. Tom, come back! The bird is angry! Sara said. Tom ran back to Sara. He was sad. He wanted to be friends with the bird. Sorry, Sara. I like the bird. I want to say please to the bird. Maybe the bird will come back, Tom said. Sara hugged Tom. She was sorry too. She did not want to hurt Toms feelings. OK, Tom. We can say please to the bird. Maybe the bird will like us. But we have to be careful. The bird is big and strong, Sara said. They looked at the tree. They hoped the bird would come back. They said please to the bird. They waited.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. He had a great idea to play with his toy car. He wanted to push it down the big hill in his backyard. Timmy ran to get his toy car and went outside. He pushed the car and it went really fast down the hill. Suddenly, the car hit a bulb and stopped. Timmy was sad, but he knew he could fix it. He picked up the car and went inside to get a new bulb. Timmy fixed the car and went back outside to play. He was happy because he got to push his car and it worked great again. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to perform for her family and friends. One day, Lilys tooth started to hurt. She didnt want to tell her parents because she was scared of going to the dentist. One day, Lilys friend asked her how she was feeling. Lily said, My tooth hurts, but I dont want to go to the dentist. Her friend said, Its important to take care of your teeth, so they stay perfect. You should tell your parents. Lily listened to her friend and told her parents. They took her to the dentist, and the dentist fixed her tooth. Lily was happy and thanked her friend for the advice. The moral of the story is that its important to take care of your teeth, even if its scary.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to go on adventures with his friends. One day, Timmy and his friends decided to go on a boat ride. They found a big boat with a loud horn and an anchor. Timmys friend said, Lets spend the day on the boat and have a picnic! Timmy loved the idea, so they all got on the boat and sailed away. They had a lot of fun on the boat, playing games and eating sandwiches. Suddenly, the boat stopped moving. What happened? Timmy asked. The anchor got stuck! his friend replied. They tried to pull the anchor up, but it was too heavy. They were stuck on the boat for a while, but eventually, they were able to free the anchor and continue their adventure. Timmy learned that sometimes things dont go as planned, but its still fun to spend time with friends.Once upon a time, there was a little house with a big chimney. In this house lived a stubborn cat named Fluffy. Fluffy liked to play and jump all day long. One day, Fluffy met a new friend, a tiny bird named Chirpy. Fluffy wanted to introduce Chirpy to the big chimney. They went inside the house and looked at the chimney together. Chirpy was scared of the big chimney, but Fluffy was stubborn and wanted to play there. So, they played near the chimney and had lots of fun. Soon, Chirpy liked the chimney too. Fluffy and Chirpy became best friends and played near the chimney every day.Once upon a time, there was a little seed. The seed was very small and it was buried deep in the ground. One day, the sun shone very bright and the rain fell very hard. The little seed felt very happy because it knew it was time to bloom. Slowly, the little seed started to grow. It grew and grew until it became a big, beautiful flower. The flower was very happy and it started to dance in the wind. Suddenly, a bee came zooming by and landed on the flower. The flower was very happy to see the bee because it knew the bee would help it make more flowers. But one day, the weather turned very cold and everything became icy. The flower started to shiver and it was very sad because it knew it would not bloom again until the weather became warm. But the little seed inside the flower knew that one day it would bloom again and it felt happy knowing that.Once upon a time, there was a lively girl. Every day, she liked to perform her favourite dance moves outside in the sunshine. Every day, the girl felt happy and full of life when she danced. One day, the girls mother found her outside and asked, What are you doing, my dear? The lively girl replied, Im dancing, mummy! The mother smiled and said, Thats lovely my dear. But you should perform your dancing inside today. So the lively girl did as her mother said and started to dance in the house. She had even more fun inside because she was able to dance freely and make even more creative moves. At the end of the day, the lively girl had learned a valuable lesson. Even though dancing outside in the sunshine was nice, it was even more fun to perform her dancing inside.Once upon a time, there was a princess who had an awful problem. She hated her weight. Everywhere she went she felt so sorry and sad. The princess wanted so badly to be thin like the other animals in her kingdom. She tried to do everything to make her weight go away she ate less and ran and jumped, but nothing worked. One day, something magical happened. A magical fairy appeared and waved her wand and said, No more weight for the princess. And, just like that, the princess was free from her weight. The princess was so, so happy. She thanked the fairy again and again and ran off dancing and singing. The princess never worried about her weight again, she was so happy, and thanked the magical fairy every day.Once there was a little girl who loved to explore. She loved to go on long adventures and discover new things. Every summer she would hop aboard a plane and explore somewhere new with her family. When they arrived at the airport, she was excited to go somewhere new. She always felt so special when her parents checked in the heavy suitcases, bought the tickets, and got ready to go. She especially loved the bright colors and friendly smiling faces all around. The airport was a lovely place for her to explore. But once she was in the plane, she didnt love it so much. She hated how cramped and noisy it was. She was scared of the loud noise it made, especially when it took off. But she always remembered that once she arrived at her destination, it would be worth it. The little girl was always sad when they had to leave the lovely airport, but she knew that she would explore somewhere new soon. She was always looking forward to the long walks and airplane rides, even though she didnt care much for being on the plane.Anna loved to spin in her dress. She felt like a fairy when she spun. She spun and spun until she was dizzy. Then she fell on the grass and laughed. Anna, time for bed! her mom called. Anna did not want to go to bed. She wanted to spin more. She pouted and said, No, mom, I want to spin! Come on, sweetie, you need to sleep. You can spin again tomorrow, her mom said. She picked up Anna and carried her to her room. Anna did not like her room. It was dark and scary. She saw shadows and shapes that looked like monsters. She heard noises that sounded like growls and hisses. She was afraid of the unknown things that hid in the dark. She hugged her teddy bear and closed her eyes. She tried to think of happy things, like spinning and fairies. But she could not. She had a nightmare. She dreamed that she was spinning and spinning, but she could not stop. She spun faster and faster, until she felt sick. She spun out of control, until she flew off the ground. She spun into the dark, where the unknown things waited for her. They reached out with claws and teeth, and tried to catch her. She screamed and woke up. She was sweating and shaking. She cried and called for her mom. Mom, mom, help me! I had a nightmare! Her mom heard her and ran to her room. She turned on the light and hugged her. Shh, shh, its okay, Anna. It was just a bad dream. Youre safe, youre with me, her mom said. She rocked her and sang to her, until she calmed down. She kissed her and said, I love you, Anna. Youre my brave girl. Dont be afraid of the dark. Theres nothing there that can hurt you. And if you ever have a nightmare again, Ill be here for you. Anna felt better. She smiled and said, I love you, mom. Youre my best mom. Can I spin with you tomorrow? Of course, Anna. We can spin together as much as you want, her mom said. They cuddled and fell asleep. Anna did not have any more nightmares. She dreamed of spinning and fairies, and of her mom.Timmy and Julie were best friends and loved to play together in the park. One day, they were walking near the corner of the park and saw a faucet dripping water. Julie suggested that they should fill their bucket with the water and use it for a game. But Timmy didnt want to. He said they should use the water for a different game. They started to quarrel. Suddenly, a thought came to Julies mind. She had a thoughtful idea. She suggested they use the dripping water to play a game of tag. Timmy liked that idea, and they both agreed they could run around the park while the water filled their bucket. They both had a great time playing and running around. In the end, the bucket was full of water and they shared a hug, happy to have played such a fun game together.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his toys all day long. One day, Timmys mom came into his room and saw that his toys were all over the floor. She asked Timmy to help her organize the toys. Timmy was happy to help and started putting his toys away in their proper places. As Timmy was organizing his toys, he found a toy car that he had been looking for. He wondered where it had been hiding all this time. He was so happy to have found it and started playing with it right away. After Timmy was finished organizing his toys, he realized that he had accidentally broken one of his sisters toys. He felt very sorry and went to his sister to apologize. She forgave him and they continued to play together with all of their toys, now neatly organized.Once upon a time, there was a rich bird. He had the most beautiful feathers and the happiest song. He sang from the highest tree in the land. One day, he spotted a cauliflower in the farmers field. He swooped down and picked it up in his beak. He was so excited, he started to sing louder and louder. The farmer heard the birds happy tune. He came out of his house and said, Thank you for the song, little bird! As a reward, here is a cabbage for you. The bird was happy and so he started to sing again. The farmer was delighted by the birds voice. He said, You have the most beautiful song. Please, come back here and sing any time. Ill give you some cauliflower even if youre not wealthy. The bird was pleased to hear this. From then on, he visited the farm every day to sing for the farmer and enjoy the yummy cauliflower.Tom and Sam like to play pirate. They have a big box that is their ship. They have hats and swords and a map. They want to find treasure. One day, they see a new box in the yard. It is bigger and nicer than their box. It has a flag and a wheel and a cannon. Tom and Sam think it is a pirate ship too. They want to have it. They run to the new box and try to get in. But there is a boy inside. He is Ben. He says the box is his ship. He says he is the captain. He says Tom and Sam are not pirates. He says they are enemies. Tom and Sam are angry. They say they are pirates. They say they are better than Ben. They say they will take his ship. They use their swords and try to fight Ben. But Ben is not afraid. He uses his cannon and makes a loud noise. He scares Tom and Sam. They drop their swords and run away. Ben laughs and says he is the most successful pirate. He says he has the best ship and the most treasure. He says Tom and Sam are silly and weak. Tom and Sam are sad. They go back to their box. They say they are not successful pirates. They say they have a bad ship and no treasure. They say Ben is mean and strong. But then they see something shiny in their box. It is a coin. It is gold. They find more coins and jewels and pearls. They are happy. They say they have treasure after all. They say they are successful pirates. They say they have a good ship and a good map. They say Ben is wrong and greedy. They put on their hats and smile. They say they are the best pirates. They say they will have more adventures. They say they will have more fun.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to watch movies with her mommy and daddy. One day, they went to the movie theater to watch a new movie. The movie was about a little mouse who wanted to be a chef. During the movie, Lilys tummy started to grumble. She whispered to her mommy, Im hungry. Her mommy replied, We can get some popcorn and candy soon. Lily smiled and continued to watch the movie. After the movie, Lilys daddy asked her what she thought of the little mouse. Lily replied, He was so cute! I want to be a chef too. Her mommy and daddy smiled and told her that she could be anything she wanted to be when she grew up.Ralph and Jack were best friends. They would remain together no matter what. One day, Ralph and Jack decided to go for an adventure. They went to an open field filled with wheat. They were so excited they felt like they were in a new world. Lets pick some of the wheat and bring it home! said Ralph. So they gathered some of the wheat and headed back home. When they reached home, their dad was angry. He said You cant take other peoples things without asking them! Ralph and Jack tried to explain but their dad was too angry to listen. He made them go back to the open field and stand there until their mum and dad finished work. Ralph and Jack had to remain in the open field until their mum and dad came to collect them. As they were leaving, they realised that they had to remain in the open field even longer, as a punishment. They were very sad as they didnt get to go on any more adventures together.Anna was sad. She wanted to play with her blocks, but they were on the table. The table was too high for her. She could not reach the blocks. She tried to climb on a chair, but she fell down. She hurt her knee. She began to weep. Anna, what is wrong? Mama asked. She heard Annas weep. She came to the room. She saw Anna on the floor. She saw the blocks on the table. She saw the chair on its side. I want my blocks! Anna said. She wept louder. She pointed at the table. Mama hugged Anna. She kissed her knee. She said, Im sorry, Anna. You should not climb on the chair. It is not safe. You could get hurt. You are a good girl. You can play with your blocks, but you need to ask for help. Mama lifted Anna up. She put her on the table. She gave her the blocks. She said, Here you go, Anna. You can play with your blocks on the table. The table is useful. It can hold your blocks. It can also hold your snacks and your books. But you need to be careful. You need to sit still. You need to listen to Mama. Can you do that? Anna nodded. She smiled. She said, Thank you, Mama. I love you. I love my blocks. I love the table. I will be careful. I will listen to Mama. She stopped weeping. She started to build with her blocks. She was happy.Sam and Tom are friends. They like to play outside. But today is a rain day. The sky is gray and wet. They cannot go out. Can we play with your toys? Sam asks Tom. OK, but only the ones in my room. Mom says the ones in the living room are not for us. Tom says. They go to Toms room. They see many toys. They see cars, blocks, dolls, and books. They are happy. They start to play. But then they hear a loud noise. It is Mom. She is angry. What are you doing? Mom yells. You made a big mess! You took out all the toys! You are not ready to play with them! You are too little! She takes away the toys. She puts them in a box. She locks the box. She says they cannot play with them anymore. Sam and Tom are sad. They cry. They want to play. But they have no toys. They have no fun. They have a bad rain day.Once there was a girl named Emma. She was 3 years old and really liked to play outside. One day, Emma got out of her house in the morning and she saw a big hoop on the ground. It was really shiny! She couldnt resist taking it, so she grabbed it in her hands and started jumping through it. She was having so much fun. Suddenly the sun started to shine brighter and brighter. Emma got so excited that she started spinning with the hoop, faster and faster. The bright sunshine made the hoop shine like it was made of gold. Everywhere she looked, it was calm and peaceful. Emma kept spinning around with the hoop until she was so tired that she couldnt move! She laid down on the ground and watched the clouds move across the sky. Everything felt so calm and peaceful. Soon enough, she fell asleep and had the nicest dream. When she woke up, she looked over and saw her hoop lying beside her. She was so happy to see that it was still there! She gave it a big hug and ran back home, still feeling the calm and peaceful feeling from the shiny hoop.Once upon a time there was a young girl who was very naughty. She didnt like to obey her parents and always made very bad choices. One day her parents got very cross with her and decided to punish her. They said she had to stay in the shelter for a whole day without going out to play. The young girl was sad, but she knew she had to stay in the shelter. She felt very sorry for being so naughty and decided that she would never do it again. She stayed in the shelter all day and thought carefully about her behaviour. When it was time to come out, the young girls parents saw that she had thought carefully about what she had done and they were happy. They gave her lots of love and told her never to be naughty again. From that day onwards, she was always a good girl and obeyed all the rules.Tommy was playing in the park one day. Suddenly he saw a man carrying an envelope. He thought it looked like mail. The man was walking quickly and Tommy thought it might be dangerous. He wanted to help the man, so he ran up to him and offered to carry the mail. The man thanked him, but said he shouldnt carry it as it was very dangerous. He said his friend was waiting for it. Tommy was brave and offered to go and look for the mans friend. The man thanked him and said he was in the park. So Tommy looked around until he saw a woman who was shouting at the man. The man gave him the mail and the woman thanked him for being so brave. Tommy was happy that he had been able to help and proudly walked home.Once upon a time there was a bird. The bird wanted to fly high and explore the world. Every day it flew up in the sky. It loved to fly! One day the bird got married! It was a very humble ceremony. Other birds came to celebrate. Everyone was happy. Eventually the bird said to its partner Lets fly together. The partner agreed and together they flew high in the sky. They had so much fun. The bird said This is why I wanted to marry you, so I can fly with you forever!. The partner smiled and said Me too. And so they flew and flew, together!Once, there was a dependable friend called Jean. Jean had a crystal that she loved very much. Every day, she polished her crystal to make it shine brightly. Jean talked to her crystal, telling it she would never forget it. One day, the crystal became unhappy and tried to cry. Jean showed the crystal lots of love and kindness. She gave it a warm hug and said My crystal, you can always depend on me. The crystals tears stopped and it felt much better. Jean carefully polished the crystal until it sparkled like the stars. She smiled and said, My crystal, I will never leave you. The crystal thanked Jean and said, Thank you for being my dependable friend.Molly was walking in the park when a charming cat caught her eye. She leaned down to say hi and was surprised when the cat answered back! He welcomed her to sit next to him and she did. They chatted for a while but then his nose started to twitch. Molly leaned in to find a cloud of smoke coming from the cats mouth. The cat said he loved smoking and it made him feel relaxed. Molly said she didnt like it, but the cat said it was just part of who he was. Molly shrugged and happily watched the cat play with the smoke. She thought it was very charming. The cat and Molly soon got up and said goodbye, with Molly promising to come back soon.Once upon a time, there was a mama bear who lived in the forest with her two cubs. Mama bear was very proud of her cubs, and was always watching out for them. One day, the cubs were playing in the forest when they heard a loud noise. Mama bear was nearby and heard it too. Worried, mama bear rushed to her cubs, and asked what it was. Its trouble, said one cub, pointing to a meanlooking wolf. Mama bear quickly stepped in to protect her cubs. She growled fiercely at the wolf and showed it her big and sharp teeth. The wolf quickly ran away. Mama bear and her cubs were very relieved, and mama bear was so proud of her cubs. She hugged them tight and told them that she would always protect them.Once there was a little girl named Sue. She was a three year old who loved to talk to her friends in the park. One day, as Sue was playing, she sprained her arm while running. It hurt a lot, so Sue started to cry. All her friends came to help her. They asked her why her arm was hurting and she couldnt explain. Sue felt ashamed because she didnt know what happened. Fortunately her friends were very kind and they all held hands while they walked to Sues house. Her mom saw that Sue was crying and she asked what happened. Sue told her mom about the accident and she showed her arm. Her mom gave her a big hug and said it was going to be ok. Then, Sues mom took her to the doctors to make sure her arm was alright. After the visit, Sue was a lot less scared and she was very happy to finally be able to talk about what happened.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to sing and dance on the stage. One day, Lily was practicing for her big show when suddenly a big thunderstorm came. The lightning struck the stage and frightened Lily. Lily ran to her mom and said, Mommy, Im scared of the thunder. Its okay, sweetie, her mom said. Lets go inside and wait for the storm to pass. But when they went back outside, they saw that the lightning had started a fire on the stage. The firefighters came, but they couldnt put out the fire in time. Lily was so sad that she couldnt perform her show. But her mom hugged her and said, Dont worry, Lily. Well build a new stage and youll have even more fun performing on it.Once upon a time there was a mole. He was a very bossy mole. He wanted everything to be done his way. He would tell all the animals and bugs in the woods what to do. The other bugs and animals did not like this. So they decided to replace the bossy mole. They appointed a new one to take his place. This new mole was very friendly and polite. He said please and thank you to everyone. The other animals and bugs were very glad. From that day onwards the woods were much happier. Everyone felt like they could do their own things and be independent. The end.Once upon a time, there was a happy duck who lived in a pond. He liked to swim and splash in the water all day long. One day, a bossy goose came to the pond and said, This is my pond now. You have to leave! The duck was sad and didnt know what to do. The next day, the duck had an idea. He decided to smile and be friendly to the goose. The goose was surprised and didnt know what to do. The duck said, Lets share the pond and swim together! The goose thought about it and finally agreed. Now, the duck and the goose are friends and they swim and splash together every day. They both smile and enjoy their time in the pond. The end.Once upon a time there was a flower. She was very red and beautiful. Every day she would put out her petals and dance in the wind. She loved being surrounded by other flowers but she was alone. One day, a little girl came up to the flower. She had little hands and big eyes. She looked at the flower and said, Oh, youre so pretty! Then she asked, Can I pick you? The flower thought for a moment. She wanted to stay here in the garden, but she also wanted to give the little girl a special gift. Finally, the flower said, Yes, you can pick me but only if you promise to take care of me. The little girl agreed and plucked the flower from the ground. She carried it with her all the way home and kept it in her room. She watered the flower every day and it bloomed brighter and redder. The moral of the story is that its good to give when it comes from the heart. The flower had the courage to fulfill her friends request, knowing that no matter what happened she could trust that the girl would take care of her.Once upon a time, there was a little dog named Spot. Spot was a calm dog who liked to sit on his stand and watch the birds fly by. One day, Spot saw a big tree and birds were singing in it. He decided to go near the tree and listen to the birds. As Spot walked to the tree, he met a cat named Whiskers. Whiskers was sitting under the tree and looking up at the birds. Spot said, Hi Whiskers, do you like the birds too? Whiskers looked at him and said, Yes, Spot. I love to watch them sing and play. Spot and Whiskers decided to sit under the tree together and listen to the birds. They were both very calm and happy. The birds saw them and sang even louder. Spot and Whiskers became good friends and they always met under the tree to enjoy the birds songs.Once upon a time, in a small village, there was a pink bunny. The bunny loved to play with his friends in the evening. They played hide and seek, and they had lots of fun. One day, the pink bunny fell down while playing. He hurt his leg very bad. He cried and cried. His friends came to help him. They told him not to worry, and they will help him heal. The pink bunnys friends took care of him. They brought him food and made sure he was happy. Soon, the pink bunnys leg healed, and he could play again. The pink bunny was very thankful to his friends. The moral of the story is that friends help each other in hard times. When you are kind and help others, they will help you too.Once upon a time there was a car, and the car was broken! The cars owner went to find a mechanic. When the mechanic arrived, it was unusual he was very small! The mechanic explained what was wrong with the car he said it needed a new part. He said the part was hard to find, but he was confident he could get it. The mechanic went away and worked hard to find the part. When he returned, he fixed the car with the special part. The car was happy and ran perfectly again! The mechanic was very pleased with himself. He explained to the cars owner how he had fixed the car. The cars owner thanked the mechanic, and they all went home. The end.Once upon a time there was a pilot who was flying high in the sky. He knew all about the clouds and birds and he wanted to explore further. One day he decided to fly even higher. He went up and up and up until he couldnt go anymore. But then something strange happened, he got confused and couldnt remember what to do. He started to repeat himself, saying the same things over and over again. He was so confused he didnt know what to do. He started to fly around in circles and it seemed like he was lost. Luckily, he stayed in the sky long enough that the sun was about to set. He stared at the sky and thought about what he should do when he saw a twinkling star. He flew close to the star and asked it for help. The star said, Dont worry, pilot! Ill help you. Fly in the same direction as me and you will find your way home. The pilot was so relieved that he thanked the star and followed it. Soon enough, the pilot was back home safe and sound. He was no longer confused.Once upon a time there was a prince. He was very brave and powerful and loved to explore the land. One day he decided to go on a great journey. He rode on his horse, but the horse slipped and the prince fell off. He was now broken and had to be taken home. When the prince arrived home the people wanted to catch him and take care of him. So they surrounded him and softly caught him. They were so gentle with him that he did not feel sore at all. After the prince was taken care of, he got better and better each day. Until one day he could fly and explore the land like he used to. He was back to his old self again and all the people were happy. The end.Lily and Tom are playing with their toys. They have many animals and cars and blocks. Lily likes to match the animals with their sounds. She picks up a lion and says Roar! Tom likes to match the cars with their colors. He picks up a red car and says Vroom! Lily sees Toms red car and wants to play with it. She says Lily wants red car. Give Lily red car. Tom says No, Tom wants red car. Red car is Toms. They both pull the red car and start to cry. Mom hears them and comes to see what is wrong. She says Why are you crying, Lily and Tom? What is the problem? Lily and Tom say Red car! Red car! Mom says Red car is not a problem. Red car is a toy. You can share the red car and play together. Or you can find another toy to match. Look, there is a yellow car and a blue car. And there is a monkey and a zebra. You can match them too. Lily and Tom stop crying and look at the other toys. They see that there are many toys to match and play with. They say Sorry, Mom. Sorry, Lily. Sorry, Tom. They hug each other and Mom. They pick up the yellow car and the monkey and say Beep! Oohooh! They pick up the blue car and the zebra and say Honk! Neigh! They smile and laugh and have fun. Mom says Thats better. Im glad you are sharing and matching and playing nicely. It is a hot day today. Do you want some ice cream? Lily and Tom say Yes, please! Ice cream! Ice cream! They run to the kitchen and Mom follows them. They match their ice cream with their spoons and say Yum! Yum! They are happy.Sam and Mom were playing in the park. Mom taught Sam how to swing on the swings. He was so excited to go up high and feel the wind on his cheeks. He loved how it felt when he swung higher and higher. Mom said Now lets try a new swing!, and it was green. It was more comfortable than the old swings and Sam loved it. He swung on it until he got sleepy. Mom taught Sam how to put his feet on the ground, so he could stop the swing and get off safely. Then, he curled up in Moms lap and fell asleep. It was the best feeling in the world to be so comfortable and safe.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to go to the park and feed the ducks. He would open his bag of bread and throw pieces to the ducks. One day, Timmy saw a big duck that he had never seen before. The duck was very hungry and kept following Timmy around. Timmy didnt like this and started to complain to his mom. But his mom didnt listen and told Timmy to be kind to the duck. So Timmy kept feeding the duck, but the duck kept following him. Timmy got very angry and threw his bag of bread at the duck. The duck got scared and flew away. Timmy felt bad because he had hurt the ducks feelings. The next day, when Timmy went back to the park, he couldnt find any ducks. He looked everywhere, but they were all gone. Timmy realized that it was his fault that the ducks had left. He felt very sad and wished he had been kinder to the big duck. From that day on, Timmy always made sure to be kind to all animals, even if they followed him around.Once upon a time, there was a little girl who liked to count. She counted everything, from the leaves on the trees to the stars in the sky. Today, her mommy made her some sour toast for breakfast. The little girl was clever, so she decided to count the pieces of toast. She counted one, two and three. After she ate the toast, her tummy felt so good! Next, the little girl wanted to count something else. She thought and thought and finally she got an idea. She wanted to count the pets in her house. One by one, she counted her cats and her hamster. When she was finished counting, she hugged them all and had a happy smile on her face. Finally it was time to go to bed. The little girl was tired, so she snuggled into her bed and started to count sheep. One, two, three...she was soon fast asleep. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play games with her friends. One day, they decided to play chess. Lily didnt know how to play, but her friend showed her how. Lily thought the pieces were charming, especially the queen. During the game, Lilys friend needed to lift a piece off the board. Lily wanted to help, so she lifted it for her. Her friend smiled and said thank you. Lily felt happy that she could help. After the game, Lily and her friends went outside to play. They ran and laughed and had so much fun. Lily thought it was the best day ever!Sara and Ben were playing in the yard. They saw a big box with some nails and a hammer. Sara wanted to make something with the nails. Ben said no, it was bad to play with nails. They could hurt themselves. But Sara did not listen. She took a nail and a hammer and tried to hit the nail on the box. She missed the nail and hit her finger. She cried out loud. It hurt a lot. She dropped the hammer and the nail. Ben ran to her and hugged her. He said he was sorry. He said they should go to mom and dad. They would make her finger better. Sara nodded. She was very sad. She regretted playing with the nail. She wished she had listened to Ben. She said she was sorry too. She said she would not play with nails again. They held hands and walked to the house. Mom and dad saw them and asked what happened. They told them the truth. Mom and dad were not angry. They were glad they were honest. They cleaned Saras finger and put a bandaid on it. They gave them a hug and a kiss. They said they loved them. Sara and Ben felt better. They learned a lesson. They decided to play with safer things.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily who loved to play with dolls. She had a favorite doll that she spent all her time with. One day, on a Wednesday, Lilys mom took her to the store to buy a new dress for her doll. Lily was so excited and couldnt wait to spend the day with her doll. At the store, Lily saw a fake doll that looked just like her favorite doll. She begged her mom to buy it for her, but her mom said no. Lily was very upset and started to cry. Her mom tried to explain to her that the fake doll wasnt as good as her favorite doll, but Lily didnt listen. Later that day, Lily went to play with her dolls. She picked up the fake doll and started to play with it. But something wasnt right. The fake doll didnt feel the same as her favorite doll. Lily realized that her mom was right and that the fake doll wasnt as good. Lily was sad that she wasted her money on the fake doll and wished she had listened to her mom. She learned that sometimes its better to spend time with what you already have instead of trying to find something new.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the sunshine. One day, she went on a walk with her mommy and daddy. They walked through the forest and saw lots of trees and birds. Suddenly, Lily stumbled on a rock and fell down. She was okay, but she had a little scrape on her knee. Her mommy and daddy hugged her and made her feel better. As they walked further, they saw a hut in the distance. It was a small house made of wood. They decided to go closer and see what was inside. When they got there, they saw a friendly old man who invited them inside for tea. They had a lovely time and made a new friend that day.Once upon a time, there was a noisy bird who lived in a big tree. Every day, the bird would sing loudly and wake up all the animals in the forest. They were very upset with the bird because they couldnt sleep. One day, the animals had a plan. They decided to talk to the bird and ask him to sing softly. They went to the birds nest and talked to him about how they felt. The bird listened and understood how he was bothering everyone with his loud singing. From that day on, the bird changed his ways and sang softly. The animals were happy and could finally sleep. The bird also realized that its important to listen to others and be considerate. The moral of the story is that its important to be mindful of others and to listen to their needs. Even small changes can make a big difference, like singing softly instead of loudly.Once upon a time, there was a beautiful princess. She loved to go exploring and one day she went deep into the forest. Suddenly, a big, scary bear appeared! She was so scared that she ran away as fast as she could. The bear chased her, but she was much too fast! Each time the bear came closer, she kicked the ground with her feet and ran even faster! Finally, the princess outran the bear and made it safely home. She was so relieved and happy that she had been brave and kicked the ground. The princess would never forget her adventure, deep in the forest.One day, Jack was having a picnic with his family in the park. His mum and dad were happy, but Jack was sad. He had a sore tummy and was suffering. Whats wrong, Jack? his dad asked. I feel really sick, Jack replied. So, his mum filled a cup with some medicine and passed it to Jack. Come on, Jack. Drink up, she said. Jack was not happy to take the medicine but he knew it would make him feel better soon. The park was very noisy, with kids playing and laughing. Soon, Jack forgot about his pain and started to join in the fun. He ran around with the other kids and even raced his dad! The day ended with a happy, healthy Jack. He had no more suffering and he had made lots of new friends!Once upon a time, there was a happy family. Mommy, Daddy, and their little girl, Lily. They loved to play and have fun together. But one day, Daddy accidentally broke Mommys favorite vase. Mommy was sad because the vase was very special to her. But Daddy said he would repair it, and Mommy felt better. As they waited for the vase to be fixed, Mommy and Daddy talked about their marriage. They said they were excited to be together and promised to always love each other. Finally, the vase was repaired and Mommy was very happy. The family hugged and played together, and they knew their love would always be strong.Once upon a time, there was a small girl who loved to explore. She loved to explore the landscape around her. Everywhere she looked, she saw new and different things. One day, she was feeling brave enough to explore an uncomfortable landscape. She cautiously made her way through the meadow, avoiding the prickly patches of grass and the sharp rocks beneath her feet. As she reached the edge of the meadow, she felt tired and wanted to complete her journey. She sat down on a nearby log and looked out on the horizon. All around her, the landscape changed and she felt proud of herself for completing such an uncomfortable exploration. She smiled with joy, happy to have conquered the uncharted land.Once upon a time, there was a mighty planet full of wonderful creatures. But the planet was very sad. None of the creatures had ever met each other before. They wanted to be friends, but they did not know how. One day, a brave little creature flew to the planet. She wanted to help the creatures meet each other. She flew around the planet, calling out to all the creatures. At first it was a little scary, but soon the creatures started to meet each other. They talked and laughed, and some even gave each other hugs. The little creature was thrilled, she had helped the planet become happy again. The creatures all gathered to thank the brave little creature for bringing them together. They were so happy to have someone who cared about them. Since then, the mighty planet has been full of friendship and joy!Tim and Lily were friends. They liked to play with toys. One night, Tim saw a black car in Lilys room. He wanted the car. He said to Lily, Can I have your car? Lily said, No, this is my car. I got it for my birthday. You have your own car. Tim was angry. He waited until Lily was asleep. He took the car and ran to his room. He thought he was clever. But Lily woke up and saw that her car was gone. She cried and called her mom. Her mom came and asked, Whats wrong, Lily? Lily said, Tim stole my car. He took it in the night. He is a bad friend. Her mom hugged her and said, Dont worry, Lily. We will get your car back. Stealing is wrong. Tim will be sorry. Her mom went to Tims room and knocked on the door. She said, Tim, open the door. I need to talk to you. Tim was scared. He knew he did a bad thing. He hid the car under his bed. He said, What do you want? Her mom said, I want you to give back Lilys car. You stole it from her. That is not nice. How would you feel if someone stole your car? Tim felt ashamed. He said, Im sorry. I wanted the car. It was black and shiny. I didnt think Lily would miss it. Her mom said, Lily loves her car. She was very sad when she saw it was gone. You hurt her feelings. You need to say sorry to her and give her back the car. Tim took the car and followed her mom to Lilys room. He said to Lily, Im sorry, Lily. I stole your car. It was wrong. Here is your car. Can you forgive me? Lily looked at Tim and saw that he was sorry. She said, Thank you, Tim. I forgive you. But dont steal again. It is not nice. We can share our cars if we ask nicely. Tim nodded and said, Youre right, Lily. Im sorry. Can we still be friends? Lily smiled and said, Yes, we can still be friends. But next time, ask me first. They hugged and played with their cars. They learned a lesson. Stealing is bad. Sharing is good. Friends are better.Once upon a time there was a poor soldier who had to wander through the forest all alone. As he wandered he came across a small cottage. When he knocked on the door the owner of the cottage opened it. The soldier asked the owner, Do you have anything to eat? The owner replied, Yes I do. Please come in and help yourself. The soldier thanked the owner and stepped inside. Inside he found a big pot of stew. The soldier enjoyed the stew and thanked the owner. The owner said, Its my pleasure. The forest can be a scary place and you look like you could use a friend. The poor soldier was so happy to have a friend. From then on whenever he needed to wander through the forest he knew he could count on the owner of the cottage for a hot meal and some kind words.Lily liked to do things by herself. She was independent. She did not need help to put on her shoes, or to brush her teeth, or to pick her clothes. She liked to choose what she wanted to do and when she wanted to do it. But sometimes, Lilys mom and dad wanted her to do things their way. They wanted her to eat her vegetables, or to take a nap, or to share her toys. They said it was good for her. Lily did not like that. She said no. She said she was independent. One day, Lily and her mom went to the park. Lily saw a big slide. She wanted to go on it. She ran to the slide and climbed up the ladder. She did not wait for her mom. She did not look back. She was independent. But when she got to the top, she saw a boy. He was bigger than her. He was on the slide. He did not move. He did not let her go. He said it was his turn. He said she had to wait. Lily did not like that. She said no. She said she was independent. She tried to push him. He pushed her back. She tried to yell at him. He yelled at her louder. She tried to point at her mom. He pointed at his dad. They both looked angry. They both looked scared. They both wanted to go on the slide. Then, Lilys mom came. She saw what was happening. She said stop. She said it was not nice. She said they had to share. She said they had to be kind. She took Lilys hand and helped her down the ladder. She gave her a hug. She said she was sorry. She said she was proud of her. She said she was independent, but she also needed love. Lily felt better. She hugged her mom back. She said she was sorry too. She said she loved her. She said she was independent, but she also needed help. Then, the boys dad came. He saw what was happening. He said stop. He said it was not nice. He said they had to share. He said they had to be kind. He took the boys hand and helped him down the slide. He gave him a hug. He said he was sorry. He said he was proud of him. He said he was independent, but he also needed love. The boy felt better. He hugged his dad back. He said he was sorry too. He said he loved him. He said he was independent, but he also needed help. Then, Lily and the boy looked at each other. They did not look angry. They did not look scared. They looked curious. They looked friendly. They said hello. They said their names. They said they wanted to go on the slide. They said they could take turns. They said they could play together. They said they were independent, but they also needed friends.Mum and Jack were walking in the park. Jack was so excited! What are we here for? he said, eyes wide and filled with wonder. Were here to watch the parade, Mum said. Lots of people will be marching and it will be really festive! Jack couldnt wait! The parade started and there was music, bright flags and throngs of people cheering. He watched with awe and delight. Then suddenly, it was over. What happened? Jack asked, disappointed. Mum explained that the people were celebrating a victory. Everyone was very happy and feeling a bit dizzy. Jack thought about that and smiled, understanding what had happened. Then, he cheered too and smiled from ear to ear. He had been part of the victory too.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. He had a big head and loved to play with his friends. One day, he wanted to invite his friend Billy to come over and play with him. So, he went to Billys house and knocked on the door. Billys mom answered the door and Timmy asked if Billy could come over and play. Billys mom said yes and Timmy was very happy. When they got to Timmys house, they played with toys and had lots of fun. But then, Timmy accidentally broke one of Billys toys. He felt ashamed and didnt know what to do. But then he remembered his mom telling him that when you make a mistake, you should say sorry and try to make it right. So, Timmy apologized to Billy and promised to buy him a new toy. Billy forgave him and they continued to play happily. The end.One day, a boy named Tom wanted to eat yogurt. He was very hungry. He went to the kitchen and saw a big yogurt cup. Tom was very happy. He wanted to eat it all. Toms sister, Lily, came into the kitchen. She saw the yogurt too. She said, I want some yogurt too! Tom did not want to share the yogurt. He wanted it all for himself. This made Lily sad. Tom thought about it for a moment. He wanted to be a generous brother. So, Tom said, Okay, we can share the yogurt. But when he tried to open the yogurt cup, it was very hard. He pulled and pulled, and then the yogurt cup broke! Yogurt went everywhere! Tom and Lily looked at each other and started to laugh. They knew they had to clean up the mess. After cleaning, they both learned to share and be more careful with their food. And from that day, Tom and Lily always shared their snacks and became more generous with each other.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She was playing outside in the garden when she saw a spiderweb. Look, Mommy! A cobweb! she said. Her mommy smiled and said, Yes, its a nice cobweb. Suddenly, Lily saw a butterfly flying nearby. She wanted to catch it, so she reached out her hand and tried to grab it. But the butterfly flew away too fast. Oh no, I missed it! Lily said. Her mommy hugged her and said, Dont worry, Lily. There will be more butterflies to catch. And we can always admire the nice cobwebs in the garden. Lily smiled and hugged her mommy back. She was happy to spend time with her and enjoy the simple things in life.Once upon a time there was a little girl who was very clever. She had a brilliant idea. She took a piece of paper and a pencil and made a funny face. She looked at it and smiled. Just then, her mum walked into the room. What have you got there darling? she asked. Its a funny face I made with my pencil and paper, said the little girl with a smile. Mum laughed. Let me see, she said. The little girl handed her the piece of paper. Mum looked at the funny face and smiled. Thats brilliant! she said. Well done! The little girl felt very pleased with herself. She smiled, put the piece of paper away, and ran off to show her friends.Tom and Lily liked to play with their dads phone. They could record funny sounds and watch them later. One day, they found a new button on the phone. It said zoom. They wondered what it did. Lets try it, Tom said. He pressed the button and pointed the phone at Lily. The phone made a beep and showed Lilys face very big on the screen. Lily laughed and made a silly face. Wow, thats cool! Tom said. He pressed the button again and zoomed out. Then he zoomed in on his own face. He made a funny noise and recorded it. Let me try, let me try! Lily said. She reached for the phone, but Tom pulled it away. No, its my turn! Tom said. He was selfish. He did not want to share the phone with Lily. He zoomed in and out on different things and recorded them. Please, Tom, give me the phone! Lily said. She was sad and angry. She wanted to play with the zoom too. She tried to grab the phone, but Tom pushed her away. Stop it, Lily, youre annoying! Tom said. He did not care about Lilys feelings. He only cared about the phone. Suddenly, they heard their dads voice. He came into the room and saw them fighting over the phone. What are you doing, kids? he asked. He looked at the phone and saw the zoom button. He realized what they were playing with. Did you record anything with the zoom? he asked. Yes, dad, look! Tom said. He was proud of his recordings. He showed his dad the phone and played the sounds. Dad listened to the sounds and looked at the screen. He saw Toms face, Lilys face, a toy, a book, a lamp, and a flower. He also saw Tom pushing Lily and Lily crying. Dad was not happy. He was disappointed and angry. He took the phone from Tom and turned it off. Tom, you were very selfish and mean to Lily, he said. You did not share the phone and you hurt her. Thats not nice. You need to say sorry to Lily and give her a hug. Tom felt ashamed. He knew he was wrong. He looked at Lily and saw her tears. He felt sorry for her. Im sorry, Lily, he said. I was selfish and mean. I should have shared the phone with you. Will you forgive me? Lily looked at Tom and saw his sorry face. She felt better. She forgave him. Its okay, Tom, she said. I forgive you. Lets be friends again. She hugged him and he hugged her back. Dad smiled. He was glad they made up. He gave them both a kiss. Good kids, he said. Now, how about we watch the recordings together and have some fun?Once there was a leopard who lived in a jungle. He was very unique because he loved to talk to everyone he met. One day, while he was out on a walk, he came across a group of animals. The leopard stopped and said hello. The other animals looked at the leopard and didnt answer him. They glanced at each other, confused and curious about why the leopard was talking to them. The leopard continued to talk, but the other animals just stared back at him. Finally, the leopard got angry and yelled, Why dont you like to talk!? The other animals still didnt answer. They just looked away, embarrassed and ashamed. The leopard was upset and walked away. He had wanted to make new friends, but the other animals wouldnt even talk to him. He hung his head low and went back to the jungle, wondering why he had to be so unique.Once upon a time there was a boy named Ted. Ted was thirsty, so he went to find something to drink. He found a vine in the garden and went to take a sip. But the vine was all sour! Ted didnt like the taste and was ashamed. He quickly put the vine back in the garden and left to find something else to drink. Pretty soon Ted found a lake. He went close to the edge and dipped his cup in it. The water was cool and fresh and Ted was so happy! He drank and drank until he was no longer thirsty. Ted was now happy and full of energy, and he ran back to the garden to see the vine. He looked at the vine and smiled. He was no longer ashamed and he suddenly saw the vine in a new way. He even thought the vine was kind of fun! Ted now knew to stay away from the sour vine, but he thanked it for teaching him such an important lesson.Once upon a time, there was a duck. He was strong and powerful. He lived in a pond near the forest. One day, the duck saw something moving near the forest. It was a little boy. The duck quacked him and said, Hi there! What are you doing here? The little boy looked scared. He said, Im trying to resist the bad wolf! The duck laughed and said, Thats a brave thing to do. Here, let me help you! The duck and the little boy worked together and soon, the bad wolf ran away. The duck was so strong and powerful that the wolf was too afraid to stay. The little boy thanked the duck and said, You are really brave. Thank you for helping me resist the bad wolf! The duck replied, Dont worry. Im always here to help!Lily and Ben are twins. They like to play with their toys in the living room. One day, they see a shiny chain on the table. It is their moms chain. She wears it when she goes out. Wow, look at this chain! Lily says. It is so pretty and sparkly. Can we play with it? Ben shakes his head. No, we cant. Mom said it is expensive. It is not a toy. We might break it or lose it. She will be mad at us. Lily pouts. But I want to play with it. It looks like a necklace for a princess. Please, Ben, just for a little bit. Ben thinks. He likes to make Lily happy, but he also wants to obey mom. He decides to say no. Sorry, Lily, but no. We have many other toys to play with. How about we play with the blocks or the cars? Lily sighs. She knows Ben is right, but she still wants the chain. She decides to wait until Ben is not looking. Then she quickly grabs the chain and puts it around her neck. She feels like a princess. But then, something bad happens. The chain gets caught on a button on her shirt. She tries to pull it off, but it only gets tighter. She starts to cry. Help, Ben, help! The chain is stuck on me! Ben hears Lilys cry. He turns around and sees her with the chain. He is shocked and scared. Oh no, Lily, what did you do? Mom will be so angry! Let me help you! He runs to Lily and tries to untangle the chain. But it is too hard. He cant do it. They hear the door open. It is mom. She comes in and sees them with the chain. She is surprised and angry. What are you doing with my chain? How did you get it? Do you know how expensive it is? You could have broken it or hurt yourself! She takes the chain from Lily and Ben. She checks it for damage. She is relieved that it is not broken. But she is still upset. She scolds Lily and Ben. She tells them that they should not touch things that are not theirs. She tells them that they should listen to her and to each other. She tells them that they should say sorry. Lily and Ben feel bad. They decide to say sorry. They hug mom and each other. They promise to be good and not touch the chain again. Mom forgives them. She hugs them back. She tells them that she loves them. She tells them that they can play with their toys, but not with her chain. Lily and Ben nod. They decide to play with the blocks and the cars. They decide to share and have fun. They decide to be good twins.John was listening to the birds sing. He watched as they flew in the sky, so delicate and carefree. He smiled. Then, he heard something familiar. It was Mrs. Robinson, who lived down the street! She was singing a song. It had a happy and familiar tune. John laughed and jumped for joy. He loved it when Mrs. Robinson sang. He shouted, Lead me, Mrs. Robinson! Mrs. Robinson smiled and started to sing her song, louder and faster. John danced around in circles, all the while repeating her words. The day passed quickly and when night fell, John was still singing the song. He repeated the words one last time before his mommy called him in for the night. John was so delighted that he sang the song every day since. He thought of Mrs. Robinson and how shed made his day so special.Once there was a little boy. He was three years old. His mom and dad wanted to measure him to see how tall he was. The little boy was excited. He watched his parents take out a measure. It was a long, thin, tight piece of string. They started to measure from the top of his head to the floor. They had to be very careful to make sure it was tight. When his mom and dad put the measure up against the wall, something funny happened. They both let out a gasp as the measure struck the wall! The little boy was so surprised. He was sure he had grown so much! But his parents told him he was still the same height as before. The little boy smiled because he knew his mom and dad still love him. He knew he didnt have to be tall to be special to them.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to eat yellow bananas and play with her toys. One day, her mom made her eat broccoli for dinner. Lily didnt like it and made a sad face. Her mom said, Lily, you have to eat your broccoli. Its good for you. Lily replied, But Mommy, its yucky. I dont want to eat it. Her mom said, Well, lets pray and ask God to help you like it. So, they prayed together and Lily took a bite of broccoli. To her surprise, it tasted better than she thought. From that day on, she ate broccoli without complaining. The moral of the story is that sometimes we have to try new things and pray for help when we need it.Once upon a time, there was a scary uncle that lived on the other side of town. One day, he decided to arrive at the house. Everyone was so scared because he was so fierce! The little 3 year old was trembling in fear. He was so scared of his uncle that he ran and hid in the closet. His mom tried to reassure him, but it did not help. When his uncle arrived the house filled with dread. He knocked on the door and his mom asked him to come inside. Everyone in the house held their breath until the uncle entered. The uncle looked around and then smiled. He was not so fierce after all! Instead, he was very kind and loving. He asked the little 3 year old to come out of the closet, and play with him that day. The little 3 year old was nervous, but he eventually crawled out of the closet and joined his uncle in the living room. For the rest of the day, they laughed, played and even had a picnic in the backyard! The 3 year old and his uncle were having a great time. Everyone was relieved that the visit went so well. The 3 year old came to understand that his scary uncle was not so fierce after all.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside with her friends. One day, they decided to go on an adventure. Lilys friend, Timmy, said, I will lead the way! They followed Timmy through the forest until they found a big hole in the ground. Lily said, That looks scary! Timmy replied, Dont worry, I know a fancy way to get across. He took out a rope and tied it to a tree. Then he swung across the hole like a monkey. Lily and her friends followed him and made it safely to the other side. Lily said, Thank you for leading us, Timmy. That was so much fun! They continued on their adventure, exploring the forest and finding new things to see. Lily felt happy and grateful to have such a brave friend like Timmy.Mama went to the garden. She found a bird with a wet feather. Mama was worried. She asked the bird, Little bird, why is your feather wet? The bird looked sad. He said, My eye is dry. I cant make it wet. I did something bad and now Im feeling guilty. Mama was kind. She said, Dont worry little bird. Let me help. She picked up a cup and filled it with water from the nearby pond. The bird was excited. He put his eye in the cup and got it wet. When he was done, he said thank you to Mama and flew away. Mama watched as the bird flew away happy. She knew the bird felt much better.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Sarah. She was three years old and liked to explore outside. One day Sarah decided to go to the beach. When she got there she saw a lot of shrimp. She had never seen shrimp before so she was very excited. Sarah bent down and tried to pinch one of the shrimp. Suddenly, a bad crab crept out from underneath the sand and pinched Sarahs finger. She yelped in pain. Why did the crab pinch me? Sarah asked. The crab scuttled away and called back, I pinched you because I wanted the shrimp! Sarah ran away quickly, then she found a bucket. She put some water in it and filled it with all the shrimp. Sarah decided to take the shrimp home and have a delicious shrimp dinner.Once upon a time there was a little girl called Lucy. She was walking in a park one day and suddenly the sun disappeared. Everything got dark and Lucy got nervous. She didnt know what to do. Suddenly, she heard a voice. Lucy looked up and saw a big, friendly owl. Hello there! said the owl. Why is it dark? asked Lucy. The sun has gone away, said the owl. But dont worry, it will be back soon. Im here to watch over you. Lucy felt much better after the owl had spoken to her. She knew the sun would be back soon and that she had a friend to watch over her. The sun reappeared and Lucy waved goodbye to the owl as she continued to explore the park. She will never forget the owl that made her feel safe when the sun had disappeared.Once, there was a girl named Daisy. Daisy loved puzzles. On her third birthday, Daisys Mom gave her a present it was a colorful puzzle! Daisy was so excited! She ran up to her Mom and gave her a big hug. Daisy said, âœThank you so much! Daisys Mom smiled and said, âœYoure welcome! Lets try this puzzle together. Daisy and her Mom went to the living room and spread out the puzzle on the floor. It was made up of many colorful pieces. Daisy and her Mom worked together to put all the pieces in the right place. After a while, Daisy said, âœI think I know how to do this puzzle all by myself now! Daisys Mom smiled and said, âœOkay, if you need any help just call me. Daisy nodded and began to work on the puzzle by herself. She slowly put together the colorful pieces until she finished the whole puzzle. Daisy was so proud of herself. She called out to her Mom, âœLook, Mom! I did it! Her Mom came over and said, âœYou did an amazing job, Daisy! Im so proud of you! Daisy was so happy. She felt like she could do anything!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One night, Lily was scared of the dark. She wanted to sleep with her flashlight on. Her mommy told her that its not good to waste batteries. Lily didnt listen and kept the flashlight on. In the morning, Lilys flashlight didnt work anymore. She was sad and scared of the dark again. Her mommy told her that its important to save things and not waste them. Lily learned her lesson and promised to save her flashlight batteries from now on. The moral of the story is that its important to save things and not waste them, so we can use them when we really need them.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to run and play outside. One day, she went outside to play and realized she forgot to put on her shoes. She quickly ran back inside to get them. When she got inside, she saw that her shoes were not in the right place. She looked and looked until she found them under her bed. She picked them up and saw that they were open. She quickly put them on and ran back outside to play. Lily had so much fun running and playing with her friends. She was happy that she found her shoes and could play outside with them on. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, her mommy brought home a big box. Lets unpack it together, said mommy. Lily was excited to see what was inside. As they opened the box, Lily saw something yummy. Muffins! she exclaimed. Mommy smiled and said, Yes, were lucky to have them. They ate the muffins together and they were very delicious. Later that day, Lily went to play outside. She saw her friend Timmy and said, I had a muffin today! It was so yummy! Timmy was excited and said, I want to try one too! Lily remembered that her mommy had packed an extra muffin. She ran back home to get it for Timmy. When she arrived home, she saw the box was still open. She looked inside and saw a toy she had been wanting for a long time. She knew it was meant for her, but she also knew how much Timmy wanted a muffin. She thought about it for a moment and then decided to give the toy to Timmy instead. When she gave the toy to Timmy, he was so happy and said, Lily, youre the best friend ever! From that day on, they shared everything they had and were always lucky to have each other.Once upon a time, there was a pretty little girl named Lucy. She had a best friend named Tom. Tom was always very kind to Lucy. One day, Lucy decided to go visit Tom. She packed her bag with her favorite things and set off. But on her way, Lucy started to worry. What if Tom wasnt home when she arrived? What if he was busy and couldnt play with her? Just as Lucy was about to give up hope, she heard a voice calling to her. It was Tom! He had stayed up just to wait for her. Tom gave Lucy a big hug as soon as she arrived and said, âœI was so worried that you werenât coming!â Lucy was so happy to see her best friend that she forgot all about her worries. They had a wonderful day together, playing and having fun. The moral of the story is never give up when something worries you. When you trust in your friendship, amazing things can happen.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily who loved to dance. She would twirl and jump around in her room every day. One day, her mommy made her a cup of cocoa, which made her very happy. It was a normal day, just like any other. But then, Lilys little brother spilled her cocoa all over her favorite dress. She was sad, but her mommy said she could wash it and it would be okay. However, when they went to the laundry room, they saw that the washing machine was broken. Lilys mommy said they would have to take it to the repairman. The next day, Lily went to the repairman with her mommy. She was so excited to get her dress back, but when they got there, they found out that the repairman had lost her dress. Lily was so sad that she couldnt even dance anymore. She learned that sometimes, things dont always end up normal and happy like she wanted them to.Once upon a time, there was a gentle wagon. It was red, with big, round wheels. The wagon liked to go on adventures. One day, the wagon went to the park with its friend, a little girl named Ali. Ali was excited to use the wagon, so she filled it with her toys. As Ali began to pull the wagon, it made a loud noise. People started to frown. But Ali kept pulling the wagon. She smiled and she was gentle. Before long, Ali and the wagon were all the way around the park. They had had a great adventure together. The wagon was happy and Ali was happy, so she gave the wagon a big hug. The wagon would always remember the gentle adventure it had with Ali.Once upon a time there was a man that wanted to have loads of fun. So every day he would play with his toys and not do anything else. He would laugh and have a great time and not think about the future. One day he decided that he wanted to build a treehouse, so he got some wood and nails and started to build. But it took him a long time to finish and he got very frustrated. He eventually decided it was too hard and got angry and threw all the wood and nails away. He needed to learn that with hard work and time you can build lots of wonderful things. He needed to stop being so stupid and put his toys away and focus on his treehouse. So after awhile, he learnt his lesson and started to work on his treehouse again. With lots of hard work and patience, he was able to build a strong and sturdy treehouse. The man learnt a valuable lesson that day. With time and hard work, you can build anything you want. Dont be stupid and think it will all happen quickly. Take time and dont give up.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside and pick daisies. One day, she found a black daisy that she had never seen before. Lily picked the black daisy and showed it to her friend, Timmy. Look, Timmy! I found a black daisy! she said. Timmy looked at the black daisy and said, Wow, thats so cool! Can I write about it in my journal? Lily nodded her head and said, Yes, you can write about it. I love daisies. Timmy wrote about the black daisy in his journal and showed it to Lily. She smiled and said, Thats a great story, Timmy. Thank you for writing about my favorite flower. From that day on, Lily and Timmy would often write stories about the black daisy and all the adventures they had together. They were the best of friends and loved to explore the world around them.Once upon a time there was a dog named Patches. Patches was a fluffy, white pup. His goal each day was to find a dirt patch in the yard to dig. One day, Patches saw the biggest and dirtiest patch in the yard. He couldnt resist the urge to dig. He dug and dug and dug until he couldnt dig any more. Then, Patches heard a voice. Mama, whats Patches doin? it said. Patches looked up and saw a little girl. The little girl said in a loud voice, Oh look, a filthy dirt patch. Patches is diggin it up! Mama said, Patches is just trying to reach his goal, dear. It looks like he is almost there. The little girl and Mama both smiled at Patches and he wagged his tail. He had reached his goal and he was so happy!Once upon a time there was a little girl called Jenny. She was three years old, and she was so enthusiastic about everything. One day, Jenny was playing with her doll and eating jam with a spoon. But she accidentally spilt the jam over her doll and its clothes got all sticky. Jenny was so upset she started to weep. She shook her head from side to side and tears rolled down her cheeks. Her mummy saw what had happened and came to give her a big cuddle. She said, Dont worry, its okay. Mummy then took the doll away to clean the mess up, and Jenny stopped crying. She was happy again and skipped around the room, feeling enthusiastic about playing with her doll once more. The EndOnce there was a pretty rose bush. It was big and tall and had lots of pretty roses. But the rose bush was different from other rose bushes because it had sharp thorns. One day, a little girl was walking by the bush. She saw the roses and wanted to pick one. She reached out to pick it, but the sharp thorns poke her hand. She was sad and started to cry. Meanwhile, a little boy saw what happened. He wanted the little girl to be happy. So he thought of an idea. He ran to his kitchen and got some spices from his moms cupboard. He mixed the spices to make a special spicy powder. He sprinkled the powder onto the rose bush and the thorns started to turn soft. The little girl was so happy. She reached for the rose again and this time the thorns were soft. Now she could pick the rose and take it home with her. From that day, the little girl and the little boy picked all the roses from the rose bush and made a big beautiful bouquet.Tom and Sam are brothers. They like to play in their room. They have many toys and books and games. But they do not share well. They always fight over who gets what. One day, Mom says, Boys, I have a surprise for you. We are going to spend the day at the zoo. You can see the animals and have fun. But you have to be good and not fight. Can you do that? Tom and Sam nod and smile. They love the zoo. They put on their coats and shoes and follow Mom to the car. They are very excited. At the zoo, they see lions and tigers and bears. They see monkeys and elephants and giraffes. They see birds and fish and snakes. They have a lot of fun. They also see a panda. Mom says, Look, boys, a panda. It is very rare. You do not see it often. It is special. Tom and Sam look at the panda. It is black and white and fluffy. It eats bamboo and rolls on the ground. It is very cute. Tom and Sam both want to touch it. They run to the fence and reach out their hands. Stop! Mom says. You cannot touch the panda. It is not a toy. It is a wild animal. It can bite you. You have to be careful and respectful. You have to share the space with the panda and the other people. Can you do that? Tom and Sam nod and say sorry. They realize they were wrong. They do not want to hurt the panda or make Mom angry. They step back and watch the panda from a distance. They also let other children see the panda. They learn to share and be kind. Mom smiles and hugs them. She says, Good boys. I am proud of you. You are learning and growing. You are special too. Just like the panda.Once upon a time there was an oyster who lived in the ocean near a small beach. The oyster was so excited because he could finally be around all the other animals of the sea. Every day he would greet them with a cheerful hello and the other animals were happy that he was so friendly. One day, two children came to the beach. They both brought buckets and began to explore. The oyster watched curious what they were doing and then he saw one of the children pick up a large found shell on the shore. The child exclaimed, Mom, look what I found! Its called an oyster! The mom said, Thats wonderful, but you must remember to behave well around the oysters. Oysters are special and need to be treated with kindness and respect. The child agreed and the mom put the oyster gently back into the ocean. The child waved goodbye and the oyster was happy that he was still available to live in his home. He smiled and said, Thank you for respecting me. I feel very lucky to have a home here. The other animals watched in admiration, proud that the oyster had been well taken care of. They all began to sing a song of appreciation for the available oyster. And thats the story of the oyster and the children who were so gentle and kind.Once there was a girl named Jessie. She was friendly and everyone loved her. Every morning, Jessie would chew and enjoy her breakfast. One morning, Jessies mommy told her she was going to a new class today. Jessie was so excited! She got her shoes on and brushed her teeth, then jumped into the car. At the class, there were lots of friends to meet. Some of them were friendly and some of them not so friendly. Jessie felt nervous, but she was determined to make new friends. Jessie sat down and started to chew her snack. Suddenly, one of the friendly kids spoke up. Hi, Jessie! said the kid. My name is Tommy. Can I have some of your snack? Jessie smiled and said, Sure! She gave Tommy a few pieces of her snack to chew. From then on, Tommy and Jessie were the best of friends. They did everything together, from playing tag in the park, to working on their class projects. The end.Once upon a time there was a family who went out to buy some ice cream on a hot summer day. But when they got to the store, they saw that the weather was not nice at all it was very cloudy and stormy. The mom of the family, being very stubborn, insisted that they still buy the ice cream. But the kids knew that their mom was wrong. They thought it would be a good idea to go home instead. Connor, the oldest son, stepped up and asked his mom to listen to reason. He said that if they bought the ice cream, it wouldnât be nice anymore by the time they got home. Finally, the mom listened and decided not to buy the ice cream. She thanked Connor for his good advice and praised him for being so brave. The moral of this story is that itâs often better to be brave and listen to your own thoughts than to be stubborn.The two friends, Jane and Jake, were playing in the park. Jane said to Jake, Lets climb the tree! But Jake was serious and said, No way! It looks too high and I dont understand why you want to do it. Jane frowned and said, You dont have to come with me, but Im going up. Jane began to climb, but suddenly she slipped and fell, cutting her arm on the way down. Jake saw that she was hurt and said, Let me help you. He carefully picked her up and took her to the bench. Jane said sadly, It hurts so much. I should have listened to you and not tried to climb the tree. Jake gave her a hug and said, Its ok, I understand. When Jane was feeling better, Jake said, Lets get something to help your cut. They got a plaster at the nearby shop and put it on the wound. Jane smiled and said, Thank you for understanding me and helping me. Jake smiled back, happy that Jane was ok and said, Its what friends are for.Once there was a mommy and a baby. The baby was very happy, because it was a sunny day. The mommy took the baby for a walk. They went for a walk in the park. The baby saw a pretty butterfly flying in the sky. The baby wanted to try and catch it. But just as the baby was about to run, the mommy said, Wait! The mommy pointed to smoke coming out of the woods. The baby asked, What is it? The mommy said, Lets stay here and be careful. The baby said OK. Just then, the baby heard a loud, violent sneeze coming from the smoke! The mommy and baby were both scared! The mommy took the babys hand and said, Come on, lets go back home and be safe. The baby agreed and they went back home, happy and safe.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his hoop. He would roll it around and around and it made him very happy. One day, Timmys mommy made him a yummy snack. She gave him some juicy grapes and Timmy loved them very much. After he finished his snack, Timmy went outside to play with his hoop. He was having so much fun, but then his hoop got stuck in a tree. Timmy tried and tried to get it down, but he couldnt do it by himself. He looked up at the hoop and said, Please come down, hoop! Suddenly, a gust of wind blew and the hoop fell down from the tree. Timmy was so happy and said, Thank you, wind! Thank you, hoop! Timmy continued to play with his hoop and eat his yummy grapes, feeling very grateful for all the fun things in his life. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys and have fun. One day, she went to the park with her mom. While they were playing, Lily saw a spark in the grass. She ran over to see what it was. Mommy, look! A spark! Lily said. Her mom looked over and saw the spark too. Lets go show Daddy, her mom said. So they went home to show Daddy the spark. But when they got home, they saw that their house was on fire! The fire was big and scary, and the smoke was pale. They called the fire department, but it was too late. Their house burned down and they lost everything. Lily was sad because she lost her toys, but her mom and dad were just happy that they were safe. They hugged each other and knew that they would always be together, even without their things.Once upon a time, there was a wise old man who had two eyes. He used his eyes to watch the world and he knew a lot of things. One day, he gave a very important advice to his friend. He said Hurry, dont be so foolish!. His friend thanked him and ran away. The wise old man soon noticed that his friend had gone too fast and he became worried. He closed his eyes and thought deeply. Then he got an idea. He took off his shoes and ran after his friend as fast as he could. He ran and ran and ran, until he was able to catch his friend. He was very relieved! The wise old man told his friend, You must always remember to be careful. Hurry but dont be foolish! His friend thanked him again and they both went home.Once there was a small girl named Sarah. She was only three years old and very curious. She loved to see new things, and explore her world. One day Sarah was walking in the park with her mother. As she walked, she noticed something strange. Look Mommy, a pole! said Sarah, pointing ahead of her. Mommy looked and smiled. Yes, that is a pole, she said. Then Sarah saw something even more interesting. There was a strange light coming from the pole. She had never seen anything like it before. Mommy, what is that light? That is the result of something called mixing, Mommy said. People mix together different colors of light and make this special kind of light. Sarah was very excited. She had learned something new. Sarah kept walking and exploring the park with her mom, but from then on, every time she saw a pole with a special light, she would remember what Mommy said and smile.Molly was walking through the forest and she noticed something strange. There was steam coming from the ground and she thought it was very interesting. She stepped closer and saw a little creature, wearing a funny hat and frowning. Molly cautiously stepped closer and said, Hello, why are you frowning?. The little creature replied, Im stuck here and I cant leave. I just keep making more and more steam and its not helping me get out. Molly smiled and said, I might be able to help you, but youll have to trust me. The little creature perked up, smiled and said, I would love your help! Molly carefully stepped towards the creature, held out her hand and helped the little creature up. Then, together, they walked away from the steam and out into the sunshine.Jack and Jill were walking around the park one day. Jack wanted to discover something new. Suddenly he saw a dove in a tree. He was so excited and wanted to get closer to take a look. He ran up to the tree and stood underneath looking up. He was so frustrated when he could not get close enough. Jill came over and found a ladder nearby. She put it close to the tree and helped Jack climb up. When Jack was close enough, he was so happy. He held out his hand and the dove let him stroke it. Jack was so thrilled to have discovered something new with Jill. He looked back at the dove and thanked it before they left. Jack was never so happy as when he discovered the dove. Jack and Jill smiled at each other and happily left the park.Once upon a time, there was a family who lived near the mountains. One day, the mom said to her little girl, Lets go outside, its a good day. When they stepped out, the little girl saw a lot of snow in the sky. She asked, Mommy, what is that? Its so pretty! Her mom smiled and said, Thats snow! Its bringing us a white blanket. The little girl got excited and said, Can I go play in it? Her mom said, Of course! But, put on your warm clothes first. The little girl was so happy. She put on her warm clothes and ran outside. She then started making snow angels and having a wonderful time. She giggled and shouted, Its so much fun! Snow is so good! The little girl played in the snow until dark. When she came back home, her mom asked her, Did you have a good time? The little girl smiled, Yes! Snow is so good!Once upon a time, there was a little bird named Tweetie. Tweetie loved to fly around and zoom through the sky. One day, Tweetie noticed the ground shaking. It was an earthquake! Tweetie felt scared and tired from all the flying. But Tweetie knew what to do. She flew down to the ground and found a safe place to rest. After a little while, the earthquake stopped and Tweetie felt better. She flew back up into the sky and zoomed around again, happy to be flying freely once more. From that day on, whenever Tweetie felt tired or scared, she remembered the earthquake and knew that she could always find a safe place to rest. And so, Tweetie continued to zoom through the sky, enjoying every moment of her flying adventures.Once upon a time there were two best friends, Jon and Katy. They were always looking for new ways to have fun and make their day exciting. One day, they came up with an idea. Lets create something using nature!, Jon said. Like what?, asked Katy. Lets design a wild shade!, Jon said. So Jon and Katy went out and gathered flowers, leaves and twigs. They arranged them in a beautiful shape, and created a wild shade. It looked amazing! Katy said, This is even better than I ever imagined! Jon smiled and replied, Lets enjoy this shade together! Jon and Katy laughed and smiled as they spent the day enjoying the shade that they designed.One day, a proud cat was walking in the park. The cat saw a big box. The cat went to the box and looked inside. There was a magazine in the box. The cat was very happy. Then, a magic bunny appeared. The bunny said, I can help you read the magazine. The cat was very excited. The bunny and the cat sat down and looked at the magazine together. The proud cat and the magic bunny read the magazine all day. They had lots of fun. They became very good friends. And the cat was very happy to have a new friend.Once upon a time, a small boy named Jimmy wanted to lift the big mill that was near his house. His parents had always warned him not to play near the mill andJimmy knew he shouldnt lift it, but he was curious and wanted to try. He grabbed the mill and tried to lift it,but it was too heavy for him. He tried a few times, but nothing happened. He was getting frustrated, feeling like he couldnt do it. He heard his moms voice from afar calling him, Jimmy! Where are you?! Panic started to rise, so he quickly let go of the mill and tried to run to his house. But he was so embarrassed that he wanted to hide! Unfortunately, Jimmys mom had seen him and yelled Jimmy, what have you done!? You know you shouldnt touch the mill! She was really angry, and Jimmy was so ashamed. She scolded him and told him to never go near the mill again. Jimmy learned his lesson and was very sorry. He promised he would never touch the mill again, and his mom was pretty glad that he had learned his lesson. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys all day long. One day, Lilys mom offered to take her to the park to play with her friends. But Lily didnt want to go. She wanted to stay home and play with her toys. Lilys mom was worried. She took Lily to the doctor and they had to take an xray of her tummy. The doctor said that Lily had eaten too much candy and her tummy was spoiled. Lily was sad because she couldnt play with her toys anymore. But then, Lilys mom had an idea. She offered to take Lily to the toy store to pick out a new toy. Lily was so happy and excited! She picked out a new doll and they went home to play together. From that day on, Lily learned to balance her love for toys and her health.Jimmy and his friends were playing on the playground. Jimmy wanted to play a game and his friend Emma said Lets pretend to be superheroes! Jimmy liked that idea and he said Ill be a superhero who has super strength and can fly! Emma said Thats a great idea. Ill be a superhero who can control plants. They each had different superpowers, but Emma said she wanted to be the boss. Jimmy pretended to fly around the playground and Emma pretended to control the tire swing. Whenever someone wanted to play something different, Emma was bossy and said No. Were still playing superheroes. Everyone else just followed along with what Emma said because she was so bossy. Finally, after lots of pretending, Jimmy was getting tired. He said I need a snack. Can we please stop pretending now? Emma agreed and they all ran off to find some snacks to eat.Once upon a time there were two sisters, Sally and Sarah. Sally was really powerful, she could do lots of things. Sarah was not as powerful but she was still really smart. One day Sally pointed to the sky and said Look up Sarah, what do you see?. Sarah looked up to the sky and saw a big white cloud. She was very excited. Sally said Now point to the ground, what do you see?. Sarah pointed to the ground and saw lots of coloured flowers. She started to pick the flowers and give them to her sister. Sally said You have been so powerful, come and lets go home. They smiled and went home, with lots of flowers between them. The EndOnce upon a time, there was a mighty bird named Bob. Bob had a best friend named Tim, who was a little mouse. They lived in a big tree with many other animals. One day, Bob and Tim found a long cord hanging from a branch. They did not know what it was for, but they wanted to play with it. Bob said to Tim, Lets pull the cord and see what happens! Tim was a bit scared but decided to try. They both pulled the cord together. Suddenly, a big box fell from the sky and landed near them. The other animals heard the noise and came to see what was going on. The big box had a lock on it, and all the animals tried to open it. They pushed and pulled but could not open it. Tim had an idea and said, Lets use the cord to open the lock! They tied the cord around the lock and pulled with all their might. The lock broke, and the box opened. Inside the box, there were toys for all the animals to play with. But then, the animals started fighting over the toys. Bob saw this and screamed, Stop! We must share the toys and play together. All the animals listened to Bob and started to share the toys. They had a great time playing together, and they all became good friends.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys and watch cartoons on TV. One day, Lilys mom brought home a big surprise for her. It was a new armchair for Lily to sit on and read her books. Lily was so happy and jumped up and down with excitement. Wow, Mommy! The armchair is so big and comfortable, she said. Can I sit on it now? Of course, Lily. Its very flexible and you can sit on it any way you want, her mom replied. Lily sat on the armchair and tried different positions. She sat crosslegged, with her legs stretched out, and even upside down. She loved how the armchair moved with her and how comfortable it was. Thank you, Mommy. This armchair is the best surprise ever! she exclaimed.Sara and Ben were twins who loved animals. They lived on a farm with their mom and dad. They had a dog, a cat, a cow, a horse and some chickens. Every morning, they helped feed and pet the animals. One day, they saw a new animal in the stable. It was a baby donkey. It was very small and chubby. It had long ears and a fuzzy coat. Sara and Ben wanted to play with it, but their mom said they had to be gentle and quiet. Where did the baby donkey come from? Sara asked. God gave it to us, their mom said. The mama donkey was very sick and we prayed for her to get better. God heard our prayers and sent us this miracle. Can we name the baby donkey? Ben asked. Sure, you can, their mom said. What do you want to call him? Sara and Ben thought for a moment. They looked at the baby donkeys ears, his coat and his eyes. They smiled at each other. Lets call him Fuzzy, Sara said. Fuzzy is a good name, Ben agreed. They hugged their mom and thanked God for Fuzzy. Then they went to the stable and gave Fuzzy some hay and water. They stroked his ears and told him stories. Fuzzy nuzzled their hands and made a happy sound. Sara and Ben felt very happy too. They loved Fuzzy and Fuzzy loved them.Tom and Sam were friends who liked to sail boats. They had small boats made of wood and paper that they put in the pond. They liked to see whose boat was faster and better. One day, they saw a big trophy on a table near the pond. It was shiny and had a boat on top. They both wanted the trophy very much. They decided to have a race with their boats and the winner would get the trophy. They put their boats in the water and said, Ready, set, go! They blew on their boats to make them move. Toms boat was red and Sams boat was blue. They were both very colorful. Toms boat was faster than Sams boat. It reached the other side of the pond first. Tom was very happy and ran to the table to get the trophy. He picked it up and shouted, I won! I won! This trophy is mine! Sam was very sad and angry. He did not like to lose. He wanted the trophy too. He ran to the table and tried to take the trophy from Tom. They both pulled and pushed and yelled at each other. But the trophy was not very strong. It broke in half and fell to the ground. The boat on top fell off and the shiny part cracked. Tom and Sam looked at the broken trophy and cried. They had ruined it. A man came to the table and saw the mess. He was the owner of the trophy. He was very mad and said, What have you done? This trophy was for the best sailor in the town. You are not sailors, you are troublemakers. You have to pay for the trophy and you have to leave the pond. You are not welcome here anymore. Tom and Sam felt very sorry and ashamed. They had lost their boats, their trophy, and their place to sail. They had also lost their friendship. They learned that being greedy and selfish is not good. They wished they had shared the trophy and played nicely.Tom and Anna were playing in the forest. They liked to pretend they were explorers and find new things. They saw a big cave and wanted to look inside. Maybe there is treasure in there, Tom said. Or maybe there is a monster, Anna said. They were both a little scared, but also curious. They held hands and walked into the cave. It was dark and cold. They heard a growl. Who is there? a voice said. Tom and Anna stopped and shivered. They saw two yellow eyes shining in the dark. They were afraid it was a wolf. Please dont hurt us, Tom said. We are just playing. The voice laughed. I am not a wolf. I am a bear. And I am not going to hurt you. I am generous. The bear came out of the shadows and revealed himself. He was big and brown and furry. He had a friendly smile. Hello, little explorers, he said. What are you looking for? Tom and Anna relaxed a bit. They saw that the bear was not mean. He was kind. We were looking for treasure, Anna said. Well, you are in luck, the bear said. I have some treasure to share with you. Follow me. The bear led them deeper into the cave. He showed them a pile of shiny stones, colorful feathers, and sweet berries. He gave some to Tom and Anna. These are my treasures, he said. But I have more than I need. You can have some too. You are my new friends. Tom and Anna were happy. They thanked the bear and gave him a hug. They took some of the treasures and went back to the forest. They had a new friend and a new adventure. They learned that not all caves have wolves, and not all bears are bad. Some are generous and nice.Once upon a time, there was a happy family. The mom had an special idea for them. She invited them to have a calm time together on the floor. Mama spread a big, soft blanket on the floor. Then she asked her family to come and sit down. She showed her family the nearby box with toys and treats! Everyone was so excited and smiled. The family spent a little while playing and having lots of fun. They had a special snack together and laughed as they told stories. Mom said it was time to wrap it up and thanked her family for joining her for a calm moment. They were sad it was over but were very happy they had shared this special time together.Once there was a cool, green frog. He lived near a pond in the middle of a forest. The frog was happy in the forest. One day, he had a really strange urge. He hopped and hopped until he came to a tall, white bird. The bird had a feather in its mouth. He asked the bird to give him the feather. The bird said no! The frog wanted the feather so badly. Then, he had a bright idea. He asked the bird if they could play a game. The bird agreed. The frog said if he won, he could have the feather. The bird said yes. The frog and the bird played a game. The frog was very cunning and won all the games. Finally, the cool, green frog had the feather in his mouth. He hopped happily back to his pond. He put the feather in a safe place and never forgot that special day.Once upon a time, there was a happy owl. The owl lived in a big tree. The tree was in a pretty forest. The owl liked to play with his friends. One day, the owl saw a little girl. The girl was lost in the forest. The owl wanted to help her. The owl said, Let me take you home. The girl was happy to see the owl. She said, Yes, please help me. The owl flew high in the sky. He saw the girls house. The owl showed the girl the way. They walked together. Soon, they reached the girls house. The girl was so happy. She thanked the owl. The owl was happy too. They became good friends.Jack was a brave little boy who loved to climb. Jack had to go to the park every week with his tutor. One day when he got there, he thought it looked like the perfect place to climb. He saw a big tree and asked his tutor if he could climb it. His tutor said that it looked dangerous, so Jack had to think of something else. He saw a slide and said that he wanted to climb that instead. His tutor said that it was ok, so Jack ran to the slide. Jack had so much fun climbing the slide that he almost forgot he was with his tutor. He made it all the way to the top and shouted with joy. His tutor then reminded him to be careful and not to do anything dangerous. Jack agreed and made his way back down the slide. He ran off to play, still with a smile on his face from his fun climb!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys and make crafts with paper. One day, Lily found some scissors and wanted to cut some paper. But the scissors were dull and couldnt cut well. Lilys mom told her not to use the dull scissors and to wait until she could get some new ones. But Lily didnt listen and tried to cut the paper anyway. Suddenly, the scissors slipped and cut her finger. Lily cried and her mom had to take her to the hospital. From then on, Lily learned to listen to her mom and wait for the right tools. She also learned to be careful when using sharp objects. And she never forgot about the dull scissors that caused her harm.John was a sad little boy. He felt so miserable. He wanted to run away from home. So one night he did just that. He grabbed his jacket and opened the door. He ran out into the night. John ran and ran until he got to a big building. The building was made of steel. It looked so big and imposing that he felt even more miserable. But John was brave. He kept running until he reached the entrance. He opened the door and looked inside. The inside of the building was much brighter than he expected. He smiled and ran inside to explore. The end.Tim and Jen like to play in the garden. They have a big tub of water and some toys. They splash and soak each other and laugh. They also soak the flowers and the grass. They think they are helping the garden grow. But Mom does not like it. She sees the water running out of the tub and making a mess. She sees the flowers and the grass looking sad and droopy. She thinks Tim and Jen are wasting water and hurting the garden. She is angry and tells them to stop. Tim and Jen are sad and confused. They do not want to make Mom angry. They do not want to hurt the garden. They want to have fun and be useful. They ask Mom what they can do. Mom thinks for a moment. She sees a bucket and a shovel. She has an idea. She tells Tim and Jen to fill the bucket with water and use the shovel to dig a hole. She says they can make a pond for the frogs and the fish. She says that will help the garden and make it more beautiful. Tim and Jen like the idea. They work together to fill the bucket and dig the hole. They pour the water into the hole and watch it fill up. They see a frog hop into the pond and a fish swim by. They are happy and proud. They think they are useful and creative. They hug Mom and thank her. Mom smiles and hugs them back. She thinks they are clever and kind. She is happy and proud too.Jack was on the subway with his mum. He was very excited about going to the beach. All the other people were looking at him, and Jack felt very happy. Suddenly, though, the subway stopped. Everyone was quiet and couldnt understand why the train had stopped. Jacks mum explained that the delay was because of repairs. Everyone else was grumpy about the delay. Jack, however, was very envious. He thought it was quite exciting to stop on the train. He looked out the window and saw so many people walking around in the sunshine. Jack just wanted to get out and explore. They finally arrived at the beach and Jack ran off to find a place to explore. He was so happy that the delay hadnt stopped his plans.Tom and Lily were playing in the garden when they saw a big cloud in the sky. It was dark and angry and made a loud noise. Tom and Lily ran to the house and told their mom. Mom, there is a big cloud and it is going to rain a lot! Tom said. Lets go inside and wait for the rain to stop, mom said. We dont want to get wet and cold. But Tom and Lily liked the rain. They wanted to splash in the puddles and make boats with leaves. They did not want to go inside and play with their toys. Please, mom, can we stay outside for a little bit? Lily asked. No, sweetie, it is not safe. The rain can make a flood and carry you away. You have to listen to me and come inside, mom said. Tom and Lily did not like moms answer. They tried to resist and stay outside. They cried and stomped their feet and said no. But mom was firm and took them by the hand and led them inside. They looked out the window and saw the rain falling harder and harder. The garden was full of water and mud. The flowers and the grass were drowning. The cloud was still in the sky and it was not going away. Tom and Lily felt sad and scared. They wished they had listened to mom and gone inside sooner. They hugged mom and said they were sorry. Its okay, my loves, I forgive you. You are safe and dry now. The rain will stop soon and the sun will come out. Then we can go outside and clean the garden and plant new flowers and grass. But for now, lets play with your toys and read a story. How about that? mom said. Tom and Lily nodded and smiled. They followed mom to the living room and picked their favorite toys and books. They forgot about the rain and the flood and the cloud. They only saw moms love and warmth. They were happy and grateful. They learned a lesson. They would not resist mom again. She knew what was best for them.Once upon a time there was a girl called Jenny. She went to the market with her mom. Jenny saw a vendor selling toys. The vendor was very friendly and had a lot of colourful toys in his store. Jenny was excited to pick out something special. She pointed to a toy house, and asked her mom if she could have it. Her mom agreed and they headed over to the vendor. Jenny thanked the vendor in a very polite manner, which made him smile. The vendor was very thoughtful, and gave Jenny another toy. He said it was a gift. Jenny thanked the vendor again and hugged him. Her mom thanked the vendor for being so kind. The vendor was very happy to see Jenny so excited. Jenny thanked the vendor for the third time, and the vendor waved goodbye as she and her mom went home. Jenny was so happy with the two toys she had gotten from the vendor. The end.Today was the day! Jack was so excited! He was finally allowed to try out his new rocket. He couldnt believe it! His parents had said it was a special present and only brains who were old enough and hairy enough were allowed to use it. Jack couldnt wait, and even got a little hairy just thinking about it. He carefully positioned his rocket on the launch pad, took a deep breath and then pushed the button. Suddenly the rocket roared and started to fly! Jack was so excited, he laughed and screamed with joy as his rocket flew higher and higher, until eventually it disappeared over the horizon. He couldnt believe hed been allowed to use his rocket and have such an amazing experience. Now he couldnt wait for the next time he would be able to go back flying his very own rocket!One day, a little girl named Lucy was very sleepy. She had played with her toys all day. Her mother saw her and knew it was time for a nap. Lucys mother took her to her room and tucked her into bed. She gave Lucy a big hug and a soft kiss on her forehead. Lucy felt warm and safe in her bed. Before her mother left the room, Lucy said, Thank you, mother. She closed her eyes and fell fast asleep. She had sweet dreams and woke up happy and ready to play again.Once upon a time, there was a light little bird named Blue. Blue loved to bathe in the sun every day. Blue would fly to the top of a tree and find a nice spot to sit. Blue would then spread its wings and let the sun shine on them. One day, Blue saw a tiny inch worm on a leaf. The inch worm was green and wiggled its way along the leaf. Blue thought the inch worm was funny and wanted to play. So, Blue flew down from the tree and said Hi to the inch worm. The inch worm wiggled and said Hi back. Blue and the inch worm became friends. They played together every day. Blue would fly around the inch worm, and the inch worm would wiggle and dance. They had so much fun in the sun. And every day, Blue would still bathe in the sun with its new friend, the inch worm, by its side.Once upon a time, there were two bunnies named Bobby and Bonnie. They were very playful and liked to hop around. One day Bobby and Bonnie decided to go on an adventure. They hopped and hopped and hopped until they came across a mysterious spell. The spell was sparkling and glittery and Bobby and Bonnie were very curious. They hopped up to it and Bobby said to the spell, Please, let us have some fun! The spell was so happy and it granted their wish. It made them very playful and they began to hop around like crazy. Bobby and Bonnie were so happy they could hop and play with the spell. They hopped faster and faster and higher and higher until they had to take a break. They hopped back to the spell again and this time it was spinning and dancing. Bobby and Bonnie laughed and laughed as they watched the spell dance. The spell was so playful and the bunnies had so much fun. They hopped and hopped around the spell until it was time to go home. They thanked the spell for the fun day and said goodbye. They hopped happily away, knowing that they could come back and play another day.Once upon a time, there was a girl called Sally. Sally was 3 years old. She loved to explore, and today she had come across a big white glass wall. Can I climb it, Mummy? Sally asked her Mummy. Mummy smiled. No, no, darling, Mummy said. Its too high and too slippery. But Sally was determined. She was going to climb the white glass wall, no matter what! Taking a deep breath, Sally started to climb. She used her little hands and feet to grip onto the smooth glass and, bit by bit, Sally inched her way up. After a few minutes, Sally was at the top! I did it! she cheered. Mummy was so proud of her and gave her a big hug. Sally smiled from ear to ear. She had climbed the big white glass wall and she was so happy!Lily was excited to wash her new doll. She got a pink bucket and filled it with water and soap. She took her doll to the garden and put her in the bucket. She rubbed her hair and face and clothes with her hands. Look, Mommy, Im washing my doll! she shouted. Mommy came to the garden and saw Lily and her doll. She was not happy. She took the doll out of the bucket and shook her head. Lily, you cant wash your doll like that. She is not a real baby. She has a battery inside. If you get her wet, she will stop working. You have to be careful with your toys. Lily did not understand. She wanted to play with her doll. She reached for her, but Mommy held her back. Sorry, Lily, but your doll is broken. She wont talk or move or sing anymore. You have to say goodbye to her. Lily started to cry. She was very sad. She loved her doll. She hugged her and said sorry. She wished she had not washed her doll. She wished she had listened to Mommy. She wished she had a new doll.Ben and Lily are twins. They like to play soccer with their friends. They are on the same team. Their team is called the Tigers. The Tigers are very good at soccer. They can run fast, kick hard, and score goals. Today, the Tigers have a big game. They have to play against the Lions. The Lions are another team. The Lions are very noisy. They yell and roar and try to scare the Tigers. The Tigers are not scared. They are brave and strong. Before the game, Ben and Lily pray. They pray to God. They say, God, please help us play well. Please help us have fun. Please help us be kind to the Lions. And please help us win. Amen. Then, the game starts. The Tigers and the Lions run and kick and chase the ball. The Lions are still noisy. They say, We are the best! We will beat you! You are no match for us! The Tigers are quiet. They say, We are a team. We work together. We respect you. We will try our best. The game is very close. Both teams score many goals. But at the end, the Tigers score one more goal than the Lions. The Tigers win! They are very happy. They hug and cheer and thank God. The Lions are sad. They cry and pout and blame each other. Ben and Lily go to the Lions. They say, Good game. You played well. You are a good team. Dont be sad. We can be friends. The Lions are surprised. They say, Really? You are not mad at us? You are not mean to us? You are nice to us? Ben and Lily say, Yes. We are nice to you. We are all Gods children. We can all pray and play together. The Lions smile. They say, Thank you. You are right. We are sorry for being noisy. We are sorry for being rude. We can be friends. Then, the Tigers and the Lions hug and cheer and thank God. They are all happy. They are all friends. They are all teams.In an old house, there was a family. It was dinner time and tonight the family was having spaghetti. The father spread the dinner table with a white tablecloth and everyone took their seat. The mother said that it was time to be serious it was time to eat! Everyone was very serious as they took their first bite of spaghetti. Everyone enjoyed the spaghetti and it spread all over the tablecloth. The family laughed and smiled as they all spread their dinner around the table. After dinner, the family took a walk in the park. They were not very serious now, but they were very happy!Dave was grumpy. He was not in the mood to share anything he had. He was sitting alone, looking at a pattern he had drawn in the sand. Suddenly, Peter came beside him and asked if he could share Daves pattern. Dave thought for a minute and slowly nodded. Together, they looked at the pattern and started to make changes to make it even better. They smiled and laughed as they shared their ideas. After a while, Dave was happy again. He realized that it was fun to share with others. He thanked Peter for coming over and asked him to come again tomorrow. Peter said he would and they both went home with big smiles on their faces.Once upon a time, there was a little fish named Fin. Fin loved to swim in the big sea. One day, Fin saw a fancy shell on the sea floor. He wanted to show it to his friends. But, he could not pick up the shell. He needed help. Fin saw a big wave coming. He asked the wave for help. Wave, I need help to pick up this fancy shell, said Fin. The wave was kind and helped Fin. The wave pushed the fancy shell up to Fins friends. Fins friends loved the fancy shell. They thanked the wave and Fin. They all learned that it is good to ask for help when you need it. And they lived happily ever after.Once upon a time there was a charming little port. All the boats would come in for docking and refueling before going off to explore new lands. One day a young sailor named Jack set off on a grand adventure, with one mission to rescue his beloved sailboat from a distant island. Jack was so determined to reach his goal, but as he ventured farther out to sea, he began to fear he would never get there in time. Suddenly, a wave washed up onto the deck, revealing a tiny island in the distance. Without hesitation, Jack steered his boat toward the small port. At the charming port, Jack was able to refuel his boat and find supplies for his rescue mission. He said his goodbyes to the friendly locals and sailed off into the horizon. Finally, after days of sailing, Jack arrived at his destination â the island where his beloved sailboat was stranded. Jack set out to explore the island, until he discovered his sailboat, just as he had left it. With great joy he was able to rescue his boat from the island and make his voyage back home. What an adventurer Jack had been!Lily loved her doll very much. She gave her doll a name, Anna, and played with her every day. She dressed her doll in pretty clothes, brushed her hair, and sang to her. Lily was happy with her doll. One day, Lily had to go to the store with her mom. She did not want to leave her doll alone in her room. She was afraid that her brother, Tom, would take her doll and make fun of her. Tom was older and liked to tease Lily. He said that dolls were silly and only for babies. Lily did not like that. So Lily decided to lock her doll in her closet. She found a key and turned it in the lock. She said to her doll, Dont worry, Anna. I will be back soon. You will be safe here. I love you. She kissed her doll and closed the closet door. But when Lily came back from the store, she could not find the key. She looked everywhere, but it was gone. She started to cry. She wanted to see her doll. She missed her doll. She knocked on the closet door and said, Anna, are you there? Im sorry, I lost the key. Please dont be mad at me. Then she heard a voice from the closet. It was not her doll. It was Tom. He said, Ha ha, Lily. I found your key. I opened the closet and took your doll. She is so ugly and stupid. Look what I did to her. He opened the closet door and showed Lily her doll. He had cut her hair, ripped her clothes, and drawn on her face. Lily was shocked and sad. She screamed and ran to her mom. Tom was ashamed. He knew he had done a bad thing. He had hurt Lily and her doll. He had been mean and cruel. He wished he could take it back. He said, Im sorry, Lily. Im sorry, Anna. I was wrong. Please forgive me. He gave Lily her doll and the key. He hoped they could be friends again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys and watch cartoons on TV. One day, she went to the store with her mommy. Lily saw a big toy and asked her mommy to buy it. Her mommy said, No, we cant spend money on that toy today. Lily felt sad, but her mommy told her they could order the toy online later. Lily learned that sometimes we cant get what we want right away, but we can still get it later. As they walked back to the car, Lilys mommy asked her to help carry the grocery bags. One bag was very heavy, but Lily tried her best to carry it. Her mommy was proud of her for being a good helper. The moral of the story is that sometimes we have to wait for things we want, but we can still be helpful and make others happy.Once upon a time, there was a dog named Max. Max was a big dog with a healthy coat of fur. He loved to play fetch with his owner and go for walks. One day, Maxs owner took him to the park to watch the ducks swim in the pond. Max wagged his tail and barked with excitement. He loved to watch the ducks! When it was time to go home, Maxs owner called his name and Max happily followed.Once upon a time, there was a little bird who loved to sing and be happy. It was so cheerful that it made everyone smile. One day, the little bird wanted to escape its cage. It had been longing for freedom for some time! The little bird tried to open the door of the cage but could not find the way out. Just when it was about to give up, the bird had an idea. It remembered someone had told it that wisdom could help you find a way out. The little bird thought and thought, and finally came up with an idea. It found a tiny hole in the cage and started to cheep and chirp. Suddenly the door opened and the bird flew away, flapping its wings with joy. The little bird was free at last! Everywhere it flew it brought with it the gift of cheerful singing. The amazing little bird now reminds us all that wisdom can help us escape any trouble.A boy and his mom had a phone. They liked it very much and used it all the time. One day the phone stopped working. It was terrible! The mom and the boy took the phone to the shop. The shopkeeper wanted to know what was wrong. He said he could restore the phone. The mom and the boy waited patiently while the shopkeeper worked. Soon the phone was working perfectly again! The mom and the boy were so happy. They thanked the shopkeeper for restoring the phone and then went home with it. The mom and the boy used their phone for the rest of the day and were so glad that it had been restored. They were lucky to have found someone who was able to make it work again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. Lily loved to eat dessert, especially ice cream. One day, Lilys mom made her a big bowl of ice cream with lots of toppings. Lily was so happy and ate it all up. After eating her dessert, Lily felt very full and tired. She decided to rest on the couch and watch her favorite TV show. But then, she remembered that she didnt finish her homework yet. Lily felt ashamed because she forgot to do it earlier. So, Lily got up from the couch and went to her room to finish her homework. After she finished, she felt proud of herself and went back to the couch to rest again. This time, she fell asleep and had sweet dreams of more ice cream. The end.Once upon a time there was a little boy. He wanted to go swimming but he didnt have a pool! So the little boy looked up at the roof. He was so brave! He wanted to see if he could climb to the top. The roof was hard and it was very high. But the little boy was determined to climb it. He kept going until he was at the very top. When the little boy reached the top of the roof, he was so excited. He smiled and jumped into the water. He was swimming! It felt so good to be swimming in the sky! The little boy enjoyed swimming up in the sky so much he stayed up there. He swam and played all day until the sun went down. He swam back down and went home with a smile on his face. The little boy was so proud of himself! He knew he could do anything he put his mind to.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a big bow in her hair that was pink and sparkly. Lily loved her bow very much, and she wore it every day. One day, Lily went to the park to play on the swings. She saw a little boy who didnt have a bow in his hair. Lily felt sad for him because she knew how much she loved her bow. She walked up to him and said, Do you want to belong to my bow club? The little boy smiled and said yes. Lily felt mighty because she had made a new friend. From that day on, Lily and the little boy played together every day, and Lily always wore her pink and sparkly bow.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the park with her friends. One day, Lily found a treasure map on the ground. She followed the map and finally found the treasure. But when she opened it, she realized it was fake. Lily was very sad and angry. She screamed loudly and her friends came running to see what was wrong. Lily showed them the fake treasure and they all agreed to help her find the real treasure. They searched everywhere and finally found a real treasure chest. Lily was very happy and thanked her friends for helping her. She learned that sometimes things may not be what they seem, but if you keep trying, you can find something even better.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside and run around with her friends. One day, Lily fell down and hurt her knee. It hurt a lot and she started to cry. Lilys mom took her to the doctor. The doctor was a nice lady who wore a white coat. She looked at Lilys knee and said it was just a little scrape. Then the doctor put some good medicine on it and gave Lily a bandaid. Lily felt much better and stopped crying. She thanked the doctor and went home. When she got home, she showed her bandaid to her dad and rubbed her knee. Her knee felt much better and she was happy again. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play outside with his friends. One day, Timmys friend Billy came to visit him. Hey Timmy, do you want to go kayaking with me? asked Billy. Timmy thought for a moment and said, Yes! I want to choose the blue kayak. Billy smiled and said, Thats a great choice! The blue kayak is very fast. So, Timmy and Billy went kayaking on the river. They saw many fish and birds along the way. Timmy felt very happy and rich because he had such a good friend like Billy.Sara and Ben were playing in the park. They liked to dig in the ground and make holes. They found some rocks and sticks and put them in their holes. They were happy. But then a big boy came. He was mean. He kicked their holes and removed their rocks and sticks. He laughed at them and ran away. Sara and Ben were upset. They cried and hugged each other. They wanted their holes and rocks and sticks back. Hey, you! they heard a voice. It was Lily, their friend. She saw what the big boy did. She was angry. She had a plan. Come with me, she said. I know where he lives. We can get your things back. Sara and Ben followed Lily. They walked to the big boys house. They saw his bike in the yard. It had a basket. In the basket, they saw their rocks and sticks. Lily was quick. She removed the rocks and sticks from the basket and gave them to Sara and Ben. They smiled and thanked her. Lets go, Lily said. Before he sees us. They ran back to the park. They fixed their holes and put their rocks and sticks in them. They were happy again. They played and laughed with Lily. They were friends.Once upon a time there was a boy. He was really happy but he did something bad. His mom was very angry and so she punished him. She made him sit in the corner, away from all his toys. He was sad and wanted to play but he knew he had to stay in the corner. After some time, the boy was allowed to move. He saw something shiny on the floor it was a button! He picked it up and put it in his pocket. He wanted to play with it. But then it started to rain and the button became wet. He didnt want his mom to be mad at him again so he put the button back on the floor. He was sad that he couldnt play with the button but he knew it was the right thing to do.Once there was a boy. He was three years old and he liked to play. One day he was in the living room, he saw something weird on the sofa. It was a big plastic box, with lots of different colors. The boy blinked. He walked over to the plastic box, and he touched it. It felt funny and he could hear something moving inside. He blinked and he waited. Then, something popped out of the top of the box! It was a weird, blue creature. It had funny eyes and big ears. The creature blinked and the little boy blinked too. They stared at each other for a few seconds, until the creature hopped off the sofa and ran away. The boy blinked and smiled. He had just seen something really weird and really cool. He ran to tell his family about this strange plastic creature. And thats the story of the weird plastic box!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys and go outside to see the trees and flowers. One day, she went to the park with her mom and saw a big truck delivering oil to the gas station. Mommy, what is that truck doing? asked Lily. That truck is bringing oil to the gas station so we can put gas in our car, said her mom. Lily thought the truck was very big and dependable. She wanted to be dependable too, so she started helping her mom with chores at home. She would clean her room and help set the table for dinner. One day, Lilys friend came over to play and accidentally knocked over a vase. Lilys mom was upset, but Lily said, Its okay, accidents happen. Ill help clean it up. Lilys mom was proud of her for being dependable and understanding. The moral of the story is that its important to be dependable and help others, even when accidents happen.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play by the river and watch the boats go by. One day, she saw a boy named Max playing with his boat. Hi Max, can I join you? asked Lily. Sure, you can play with my boat, said Max. Lily was happy and played with the boat. She loved the sweet smell of the river and the sound of the water. Your boat is so cool, said Lily. Thanks, I like it too, said Max. Lily and Max played together until it was time to go home. They said goodbye and promised to play again soon.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a bright smile and loved to play outside. One day, she went to the park with her friend, Max. They were having fun on the swings when Max accidentally split his toy car in half. Lily saw that Max was starting to worry and feel sad. She asked him what was wrong and he showed her his broken toy car. Lily had an idea and said, Dont worry, Max. Lets put the car back together! They worked together to fix the toy car and soon it was good as new. Max was so happy and grateful to Lily. He said, Thank you so much, Lily! Youre the best friend ever! Lily smiled and replied, No problem, Max. Friends help each other out. And they continued to play at the park, happy and carefree.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his dads tools. One day, Timmys dad introduced him to a new tool called a hammer. Timmy thought the hammer looked silly, but he was excited to try it out. Timmys dad showed him how to use the hammer to nail things together. Timmy thought it was so cool! He asked his dad if he could use the hammer to build a fort. His dad said yes and helped him gather all the tools they needed. As Timmy worked on his fort, he accidentally hit his finger with the hammer. It hurt a lot! Timmy started to cry and his dad came over to see what was wrong. Timmy showed him his finger and his dad gave him a bandaid to make it feel better. After that, Timmy was more careful when he used the tools. He knew that even though they could be fun, they could also be dangerous if he wasnt careful.Once upon a time there was a climber and a dancer. The dancer was very smart, and she knew lots of moves. The climber wanted to learn, so he asked the dancer to show him. The dancer said No, I wont teach you. You must climb the mountain to learn how to dance. The climber was very sad, but he wasnt going to give up. So the climber started to climb, taking one step at a time. Halfway up the mountain, the climber was very tired, but he kept going. Suddenly, the dancer was there to help him. The climber was so happy. He asked the dancer to teach him and this time the dancer said Yes. The climber and the dancer danced on the top of the mountain together. The moral of the story is if you work hard, your dreams will come true.Tommy was a brave little boy. One day, his parents wanted him to take a test. But Tommy was frightened. He kept saying, No, I dont want to. His mother pushed him gently and said, Tommy, you have to take it. But Tommy shook his head in fear. Then his father tried. He said, Son, if you take it, youll feel better. But Tommy still wouldnt agree. Finally, his parents said, We insist you take the test. Their voices were firm, but they didnt scold him. Slowly, Tommy took a deep breath and nodded. He was still frightened, but he was brave enough to do what his parents asked.Once upon a time, there was a nice motor. It bounced along the street, happily chugging along. Everything seemed perfect, until one day, when it started to make a funny noise. A bad noise. The motor tried to bounce faster, but the noise wouldnt go away. Suddenly, the motor stopped bouncing and started smoking. It was sad and it didnt move anymore. The end.Once upon a time there was a girl called Emily. Emily was three years old and she lived with her family. Every day Emily would go outside and play. One day, Emily was being very careless and not looking where she was going. Suddenly, she tripped and fell onto the ground! Emily was not hurt and she quickly got back up again. Suddenly she noticed something on the ground it was a picture! Emily was so happy she had received a picture. She picked it up and took it home. When Emily got back, she showed her picture to her family. They were so happy to see what Emily had received. Emilys mom gave her a big hug and said, That was very lucky Emily! Thank you for being so careful. From then on Emily was very cautious when playing outside! Emily and her family kept the picture for a long time and looked at it often. They all loved the picture and were so happy she had received it that day.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She was scared of the dark and always had a night light on. One day, her mom gave her a special pill that would prevent bad dreams. Lily took the pill and went to bed feeling happy and safe. She fell asleep quickly and had a wonderful dream about unicorns and rainbows. The next morning, Lily woke up feeling refreshed and not fearful at all. She told her mom about her good dream and how the pill helped her. Her mom was happy to hear that the pill worked and that Lily wasnt scared anymore. From that day on, Lily took the pill every night and never had a bad dream again. She was no longer fearful of the dark and was able to sleep peacefully.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside with her friends and ride her bike. One day, she went inside to get a popsicle from the freezer. But the freezer was tough to open! She tried and tried, but it wouldnt budge. Lilys mom came in and saw her struggling. Let me help you, sweetie, she said. She opened the freezer and gave Lily a popsicle. Thank you, Mommy, Lily said. Later that day, Lily and her friends were playing tag. Lilys friend fell down and hurt her knee. Lily asked her friend if she was okay and told her to mind her knee. They sat down and had some popsicles from the freezer. It was a fun day!Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his toys, but he didnt like to share them with his friends. One day, Timmys friend Johnny came over to play. Timmy had a black car that Johnny wanted to play with, but Timmy didnt want to share. Johnny was sad, but he didnt say anything. Later that day, Timmys mom asked him to give her a note to give to his dad. Timmy didnt want to give it to her, so he pinched it and hid it under his pillow. That night, Timmy couldnt sleep. He felt bad for not sharing his toy with Johnny and for not giving his mom the note. He realized that its important to share and to be honest. The next day, he apologized to Johnny and gave him a turn to play with the black car. He also gave his mom the note and felt much better. From then on, Timmy learned to share and be honest with his friends and family.Once upon a time, in a town with big buildings, there was a bright sun in the sky. A little girl named Sue loved to play outside. One day, she saw a tall building that was not standing up straight. It was leaning to one side. Sue wanted to help the leaning building. She thought if she pushed it, it might stand up straight again. She tried her best, but the building was too big and heavy for her to push. Sue felt sad and asked her mom for help. Her mom told her a story about a little bird who tried to carry a big rock. The bird could not do it alone, but when it asked for help, many birds came and carried the rock together. Sue learned that sometimes, we need help from others to do big things. The next day, she told her friends about the leaning building. They all came and pushed it together. The building stood up straight and everyone was happy. Sue learned that when we work together, we can do great things.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. He loved to read books, especially novels. One day, Timmys mom took him to the library to borrow a new novel. Timmy was so excited to read it! As they were walking home, Timmys mom saw a big puddle of mud. She didnt want Timmy to spoil his new shoes, so she picked him up and carried him over the puddle. Thanks, Mom! Timmy said. When they got home, Timmy sat down to read his new novel. He was so excited that he read the whole thing in one sitting! When he finished, he ran to his mom and said, Mom, this book was so good! Thank you for taking me to the library!Anna and Ben are playing with their toys in the living room. Anna has a colorful puzzle with many pieces. Ben has a big truck that can make noises. Anna likes to fit the pieces together and recognize the pictures. Ben likes to drive the truck around and make it honk. Look, Anna, I have a truck! Ben says, showing his toy to Anna. It can open and close and carry things. It is very fun! That is nice, Ben, but I like my puzzle more, Anna says, holding up a piece. It has many colors and shapes. It is very pretty! Ben wants to play with the puzzle too. He grabs a piece from Anna and tries to fit it in his truck. Anna gets angry and pulls the piece back. Hey, Ben, that is my puzzle! You have your own toy. Give it back! Anna shouts. No, Anna, I want to play with the puzzle too! It is also fun! Ben shouts back. They start to tug and pull on the piece, making it bend and tear. They both cry and drop the piece on the floor. Their mom hears the noise and comes to the living room. What is going on here? Mom asks, looking at the broken piece and the sad children. Why are you fighting over a puzzle? Ben took my puzzle and tried to put it in his truck. He ruined it! Anna says, pointing at Ben. Anna did not let me play with the puzzle. She was mean! Ben says, pointing at Anna. Mom sighs and picks up the piece. She shows it to Anna and Ben. Look, this is a piece of a flower. It is very colorful and beautiful. But now it is broken and ugly. Do you think the flower is happy? Mom asks. Anna and Ben shake their heads. They feel sorry for the flower. Playing with toys is fun, but sharing them is even more fun. If you share your toys, you can make more friends and have more fun. Do you understand? Mom asks. Anna and Ben nod. They look at each other and say sorry. I am sorry, Ben. You can play with my puzzle if you want. But please be careful and do not break it, Anna says. I am sorry, Anna. You can play with my truck if you want. But please be careful and do not make it dirty, Ben says. They hug and smile. They decide to play together and share their toys. They fit the puzzle pieces and recognize the pictures. They drive the truck and make it honk. They have a lot of fun. Mom is happy and proud of them. She gives them a kiss and a cookie. They say thank you and enjoy their snack. They are good friends. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toy cart. It was red and had four wheels. She would push it around the house and pretend she was going on adventures. One day, Lilys little brother, Max, came over to play. He wanted to play with the cart too, but Lily didnt want to share. They started to argue and it got very noisy. Suddenly, the phone rang and their mom answered it. She told them that their grandma was coming over and that they needed to clean up their toys. Lily and Max quickly put away the cart and worked together to clean up the rest of their toys. When their grandma arrived, she was so happy to see how helpful they were being. She even brought them a surprise a new toy cart to share! Lily and Max were so excited and they played with it together all day long.Tim and Sam like to play in the park. They run and jump and swing and slide. They have a lot of fun. One day, they see a big billboard near the park. It has a picture of a man with a big nose and a funny hat. He is selling soap. Tim and Sam think he is ugly. They laugh at him. They want to get closer to the billboard. They climb on a fence and a wall. They are very high. They can see the mans nose and hat very well. They laugh more. But then, Tim slips on the wall. He loses his balance. He falls. He falls very fast. He falls on the ground. He hurts his arm and his leg. He cries. Sam is scared. He calls for help. He sees a lady with a dog. She hears him. She comes to Tim. She is nice. She helps Tim. She calls his mom. She gives him a hug. Tims mom comes. She is worried. She takes Tim to the doctor. The doctor gives him a bandage and a sticker. He says Tim will be okay. Tim is sorry. He says he was silly. He says he will not climb on the wall again. He says he will not laugh at the ugly man. He says he will be careful. Sam is sorry too. He says he is Tims friend. He says he will play with him in the park. He says he will be nice. They hug. They are happy. They learn a lesson.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved playing with balloons. One day, Lilys mom gave her a big, red balloon. Lily was so happy and played with it all day long. Later that day, Lilys mom made some soup for dinner. Lily asked, Mommy, can I taste the soup? Her mom said, Be careful, its very hot. Lily blew on the soup and tasted it. She said, Yummy! Its thick and yummy! After dinner, Lily was still playing with her balloon. She accidentally let go of it and it flew away into the sky. Lily was sad, but her mom said, Dont worry, Lily. Well get you another balloon tomorrow. The next day, they went to the store and got a new balloon. Lily was happy again and played with it all day long.Lily and Max were best friends. They liked to play together every day. They had many toys, but their favorite was a big box. They pretended the box was a house, a car, a spaceship, or anything they wanted. One day, they decided to play mail. They made letters and envelopes out of paper and crayons. They wrote their names and drew pictures. They put the letters in the box and took turns to be the mailman and the mail receiver. Knock, knock! Max said, holding a letter. I have mail for you, Lily! Thank you, Max! Lily said, opening the letter. She smiled when she saw a heart and a question. Will you marry me? Lily giggled and wrote back. Yes, I will marry you, Max! She gave the letter to Max and he opened it. He was very happy. He hugged Lily and said, You are the best friend ever! They put the letters in a special folder and kept it in the box. They were very organized. They liked to keep their mail safe and neat. They also liked to pretend they were married. They kissed and hugged and said, I love you!Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy who loved motorcycles. He had a toy motorcycle that he played with every day. One day, Timmys mom made him a yummy cake for dessert. Timmy was so excited to eat the cake, but he accidentally dropped his toy motorcycle on the cake and it broke. Timmy was sad that his toy motorcycle broke and he couldnt play with it anymore. But his mom had an idea. She took the broken motorcycle and fixed it with some glue. Timmy was happy that his motorcycle was fixed and he could play with it again. From that day on, Timmy was more careful with his toys and made sure not to break them. He also learned that even if something breaks, it can be fixed with a little bit of help.Tom and Anna were in school. They had to learn about history. History was boring. It was about old people and old things. Tom and Anna did not like history. The teacher showed them a big book. The book had many pictures and words. The teacher said, This is a very important book. It tells us about our history. We have to take good care of it. Tom and Anna did not care. They wanted to play. They waited for the teacher to look away. Then they took the book and ran outside. They wanted to have fun with the book. They threw the book in the air. They kicked the book. They ripped the book. They laughed and laughed. They did not see the big dog. The big dog saw the book. The big dog liked books. The big dog wanted to eat the book. The big dog ran after the book. Tom and Anna were scared. Help! Help! they shouted. The dog wants to eat the book! The teacher heard them. The teacher ran outside. The teacher saw the dog and the book. The teacher was angry and sad. Stop! Stop! the teacher said. That is a very bad thing to do. You are hurting the book. You are hurting our history. You have to save the book. Give it to me! Tom and Anna were sorry. They did not want to hurt the book. They did not want to hurt history. They gave the book to the teacher. The teacher took the book and hugged it. Thank you for saving the book, the teacher said. But you have to learn a lesson. History is not boring. History is amazing. History is about us and our stories. History is a gift. You have to respect it and love it. Tom and Anna nodded. They felt bad. They wanted to learn more about history. They said sorry to the teacher and the book. They promised to be good and listen. The teacher smiled and forgave them. The teacher took them back to the classroom. The teacher showed them more pictures and words. Tom and Anna looked and listened. They learned and enjoyed. History was not boring. History was fun.Once upon a time there was a bouncy frog named Jazz. Jazz loved to bounce. Every day he would go to the pond and bounce around, he was the happiest frog around! But one day, the sun went away and it became a dark night. Jazz tried to bounce but he was scared, he didnt like the dark. Jazz was in big trouble because he knew he wouldnt be able to find his way home. He tried to find someone to help him, but there was no one around. As he was walking, he heard some music coming from the darkness. It was jazz, and he realized it was coming from his pond. Jazz began to bounce again and he quickly made his way to his pond. When he got there, he was amazed to see all the other frogs, who had been scared of the dark, dancing and playing to the jazz music. He had found his way home! From then on, Jazz always bounced whenever it was dark.Lily and Ben were playing in the kitchen. They saw a big pastry on the table. It looked yummy and sweet. Can we have some pastry, Mom? Lily asked. Not now, dear. It is for later. You need to eat your lunch first, Mom said. But Lily and Ben did not listen. They waited until Mom went to the phone. Then they climbed on the chairs and reached for the pastry. Lets share it, Ben said. He tried to break the pastry in half. But it was too hard. He could not snap it. Let me try, Lily said. She pulled the pastry with all her might. But it was too sticky. She could not snap it either. They pulled and pulled, but the pastry did not snap. It only stretched and stretched. It became longer and longer. It hung from the table like a rope. Suddenly, Mom came back. She saw the pastry and the mess. She was very angry. What are you doing, you silly children? she shouted. You ruined the pastry! It was for Grandmas birthday! Lily and Ben felt sorry. They did not mean to be bad. They only wanted some pastry. We are sorry, Mom, they said. We were hungry. Can we still have some pastry? Mom sighed. She was not happy, but she loved them. She cut a small piece of pastry for each of them. Here, have some pastry. But only a little. And then you need to clean up and say sorry to Grandma, she said. Lily and Ben nodded. They ate their pastry. It was yummy and sweet. But they learned their lesson. They never tried to snap pastry again.Once upon a time, there was a small boy named Joe. Joe wanted to buy some candy from the store. He had waited for weeks and was so excited when the day finally came. Joe went to the store with some money. On his way inside, he saw an ordinary blue box in the window. He couldnt keep his eyes off it. He asked his mom, Mommy, can I buy the blue box? Mom looked inside the window and replied, No, that box is too expensive. We will have to wait until you can buy it. Joe was sad but he understood. He bought some candy instead and waited until he could buy the box. The days went by and Joe worked hard to save his money. Finally, he had enough and he went back to the store. He ran to the window and saw the blue box waiting there for him. He called out to his mom, Mommy, can I buy the blue box now? Mom smiled and said, Yes! Go ahead and buy it. Joe was the happiest boy ever. He couldnt believe he was really going to buy the ordinary blue box. He ran to the cashier and bought the box. From then on, Joe kept his box safe and never stopped smiling.Once upon a time, there was a curious little girl named Sue. Sue liked to play with her toys and ask questions. One day, Sue found a small box in her room. It looked like a cell. She thought it was a new toy. Sue asked her mom, Mom, what is this cell? Her mom said, Its a special box to send a gift to your friend, Tim. Sue was happy. She wanted to send a gift to Tim. Sue put her toy car in the cell and closed it. Sues mom helped her send the cell to Tim. After some days, Tim got the cell. Tim was very happy to see the toy car. He called Sue and said, Thank you for the gift! Sue and Tim were very happy to share toys and be friends.Once upon a time, there was a big green ship. It sailed on the sea and had lots of fun. One day, the ship saw a little fish. The fish was scared and wanted to hide. The ship was kind and said, Dont worry, little fish. I will close my eyes and you can hide behind me. The fish felt safe and hid behind the ship. The ship was happy to help the little fish. From that day on, the ship and the fish became good friends and sailed on the sea together.Sara liked to gaze at the parrot in the pet shop. The parrot had many colors on its feathers. It was a beautiful bird. Sara wanted to have the parrot as a friend. One day, Sara asked her mom if she could buy the parrot. Her mom said no. She said the parrot was too noisy and too messy. She said they had no space for a cage. Sara was sad. She begged her mom to change her mind. Her mom said no again. Sara was angry. She decided to take the parrot anyway. She waited until the pet shop owner was busy. She opened the cage and grabbed the parrot. She ran out of the shop with the parrot in her arms. But the parrot did not like Sara. The parrot bit Saras hand hard. Sara screamed and dropped the parrot. The parrot flew away. Sara cried. Her hand was bleeding. The pet shop owner saw what Sara did. He was very mad. He called Saras mom and the police. Sara was in big trouble. She wished she had listened to her mom. She lost the parrot and her moms trust.Once upon a time, a bear and a rabbit decided to test how strong their friendship was. They took a square rock and said that if they could break it, then their friendship was strong. The rabbit was sure that the friendship was strong, but the bear was worried. He knew the rock was so hard that it would take a lot of strength to break it. But the rabbit was brave and believed in the friendship. First, the rabbit tried to break the rock but it was too hard. Then the bear tried with all his might, but the rock was still too strong. The rabbit and the bear knew it was impossible to break the square rock. But then the rabbit had an idea. He said, Even if we cant break it, our friendship is strong. Maybe thats even better! The bear smiled and agreed. From that day on, they knew that their friendship was really special â they didnt need to break the rock to prove it! This teaches us that bad things can often turn out to be good things.Once there was a little boy who was 3yearsold. He liked playing and singing, but he really hated vegetables. Every day, his mom gave him vegetables and asked him to eat them, but he always cried and said he didnât want them. One day, his mom had an idea. She told the little boy, âœIf you eat some vegetables, Iâll give you a special treat.â So, the little boy tried to be calm and eat his vegetables. He ate half and then asked for his treat. His mom smiled and gave him a yummy cookie. He was so happy and ate the whole plate of vegetables! After that, he never hated vegetables, but he still didnât like them very much.Charlie saw two worms. One was orange and one was green. Charlie liked the orange worm best. He wanted to talk to it! He asked the orange worm if it wanted to play. The worm said yes and the two started to discuss what game to play. Charlie was very excited to have a friend. Charlie and the orange worm decided to play tag. They raced around and around till the worm was so tired that it had to take a break. Charlie then asked the orange worm what it liked to eat. The worm said he liked to eat food that was under the ground. Charlie said he had some special food that the orange worm might like. Charlie brought out the food and the orange worm started to eat the delicious treat. After the snack, Charlie and the orange worm talked about the world around them. They talked about the different animals, trees and flowers. Charlie was so happy to have made a new friend. Charlie and the orange worm spent the rest of the day discussing until the sun began to set. The orange worm said goodbye and wriggled away home. Charlie waved goodbye and said he would see the orange worm soon.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Daisy. One day Daisy was out in the park, when she saw a big puddle! It looked so fun to jump in, so she stepped up to it. Oh no, it looks so deep! said Daisy. Suddenly, a voice came from behind her. Dont worry Daisy, the puddle is soft said her Mum. Mum had just arrived to pick Daisy up. Daisy smiled and jumped into the puddle. She splashed around and laughed as bubbles came up all around her. Mum laughed at Daisys silliness. Come on Daisy, lets get you dried off. Every so often Daisy still goes to the park to jump in the soft puddle. Its a special memory that Daisy cherishes!Molly was a 3 year old girl who loved animals. One day, she went for a walk with her parents in the park. They found a bush and Molly was so excited. Her mom said, Lets explore the bush! So they walked into the bush and it was very scary. Molly was scared but her dad said, Dont be scared, Molly. Lets see what we can find! Then, they heard something in the bush. It was a noisy little mouse. Molly was so happy and asked, Can I invite the mouse to come with us? Her parents thought that was a great idea, so they all kept walking. Molly kept talking to the mouse and they became good friends. At the end of the day, Molly said goodbye to the mouse. She invited him to come play with her at the park again soon. Then, Molly, her mom, and her dad all went home together.Lily was curious about the big box on the table. It had a red bow and a card that said Happy Birthday, Lily! She wanted to open it, but Mom said she had to wait until the party. Lily was sad. She wanted to see what was inside. She saw Dad with a camera in his hand. He was smiling and said, Im going to record your birthday, Lily. I want to capture all the fun and happy moments. Do you want to say something to the camera? Lily nodded and ran to Dad. She looked at the camera and said, Hi, camera! Im Lily and Im three years old today. I have a big box on the table and I dont know whats inside. Im very curious. Maybe its a toy or a book or a dress. What do you think, camera? Dad laughed and said, Thats very good, Lily. Youre a natural star. Maybe the camera knows whats in the box, but it wont tell you. You have to be patient and wait until the party. Then you can open it and see the surprise. Lily pouted and said, But I dont want to wait. I want to open it now. Please, Dad, can I open it now? Dad shook his head and said, No, Lily, you cant. Its a rule. You have to wait until the party. Besides, Mom and your friends are coming soon. They want to see you open the box too. It will be more fun that way. Trust me, Lily, it will be worth the wait. Lily sighed and said, Okay, Dad, Ill wait. But Im still very curious. Can I at least touch the box? Dad smiled and said, Sure, you can touch the box. But dont shake it or tear it. Just feel it and guess whats inside. Maybe the box will give you a clue. Lily ran to the table and touched the box. It was big and heavy and hard. She wondered what it could be. She said, Maybe its a bike or a dollhouse or a drum. What do you think, camera? The camera blinked and said, Beep, beep, beep. I think youll love it, Lily. Happy birthday!Ben and Lily were playing in the park with their toy cars and trucks. They liked to make noises and pretend they were driving on the road. They saw a big crane near the park. It was lifting heavy things and putting them on a building. Wow, look at that crane! Ben said. It is so mighty and strong. It can lift anything! I want to see it closer! Lily said. Lets go there and introduce ourselves to the crane driver. Maybe he will let us ride the crane! Ben and Lily ran towards the crane, but they did not see a sign that said Keep Out. It was a dangerous place to go. The crane driver saw them and shouted. Hey, kids, stop! You cant come here! It is not safe for you! Go back to the park! Ben and Lily were scared and confused. They did not understand why the crane driver was angry. They thought he would be friendly and let them play with the crane. But we just want to say hello and see the crane! Lily said. Sorry, kids, but you cant. The crane is not a toy. It is a tool for work. It can hurt you if you get too close. Please, go back to the park and play with your own toys. I have to finish my job here. The crane driver said. Ben and Lily felt sad and disappointed. They wanted to see the mighty crane, but they also did not want to get hurt or make the crane driver mad. They decided to listen to him and go back to the park. Maybe we can come back another day and see the crane again. Ben said. Maybe. But we have to be careful and follow the rules. The crane is not for us. It is for the workers. Lily said. They went back to the park and played with their toy cars and trucks. They still liked to make noises and pretend they were driving on the road. But they also looked at the crane from afar and wondered what it was like to ride it.Once upon a time, there was a lovely little town. In this town, there was a big library. Many kids loved to go there and read books. One day, a girl named Lily went to the library. She picked a book about a cat. Lily sat down and read the book. She liked the cat in the story. Lily had an idea. She wanted to send a letter to the cat. So, she wrote a letter and put it in a box. She asked her mom to send the box to the cat. Lily was happy, and she knew the cat would be happy too.One day, a fast red car was driving down the road. The car had a very important job. It had to go to the hospital for an operation. The car was very nervous, but it knew it had to be brave. As the car drove, it started to rain. The road became wet and slippery. The car tried to be careful, but it began to slip and slide. It was scared it would not make it to the hospital on time. The car saw a big truck coming. The truck saw the car slip and knew it needed help. The truck helped the car get back on the right path. They went to the hospital together. The car got its operation and was very thankful for the trucks help.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, Lily went to the park with her mom. She saw a little boy playing with a ball. The boy asked Lily if she wanted to play with him. Lily said yes and they started playing together. After a while, the boy got tired and wanted to go home. Lily asked him if he wanted to come to her house to play with her toys. The boy said yes and they went to Lilys house. When they got there, Lilys mom gave them some chocolate powder to make hot chocolate. The boy accidentally spilled the powder all over the floor. Lilys mom said it was okay and they cleaned it up together. The moral of the story is that accidents happen, but its important to help clean up the mess and turn a bad situation into a good one.Once upon a time, in a big forest, there was a mighty tree. This tree had a small hole in it. A tiny bird lived in the hole. The bird had many friends in the forest. One day, the tiny bird heard a whisper. It was a squirrel. The squirrel was sad because he lost his nut. The tiny bird wanted to help his friend. So, they looked for the nut together. They looked and looked, and then they found the nut near a big rock. The squirrel was very happy. The tiny bird and the squirrel went back to the mighty tree and played all day. They were the best of friends.Once upon a time, there was a poor little baseball. He was all alone and didnt have anyone to play with. Suddenly, he saw a boy in the distance. The boy must have seen the baseball because he ran over and grabbed it! The poor little baseball was so excited. He was going to have someone to play with! The boy smiled and said Lets play catch!. The baseball was so happy! They spent the day playing together, having lots of fun. The poor little baseball enjoyed every minute of it. At the end of the day, the boy said goodbye and went home. The baseball was sad to see him go, but he knew that he would make more friends soon.Tom and Anna liked to play music with their toys. Tom had a drum and Anna had a flute. They made sounds with their toys and tried to follow a rhythm. A rhythm is when you make sounds that go together and have a pattern. One day, they decided to play music outside in the garden. They found a nice spot under a big tree and started to play. Tom banged his drum and Anna blew her flute. They had fun making their own rhythm. But then, a big bird came and landed on the tree. The bird was very bossy. It did not like the music that Tom and Anna made. It started to squawk and screech very loudly. It wanted to stop them from playing. Shoo, shoo, go away! Tom said to the bird. We are playing music, you are making noise! No, no, you go away! the bird said to Tom. You are making noise, I am singing! The bird and Tom argued and shouted. Anna did not like the noise. She wanted to play music with Tom. She had an idea. She took her flute and started to play a different rhythm. A rhythm that sounded like the birds squawks and screeches. The bird heard Annas flute and stopped shouting. It was surprised and curious. It listened to Annas rhythm and tried to copy it. It squawked and screeched along with Annas flute. Tom heard Annas flute and the birds squawks. He was surprised and curious too. He stopped banging his drum and listened to Annas rhythm. He liked it. He took his drum and started to play a different rhythm. A rhythm that matched Annas flute and the birds squawks. Anna, Tom and the bird played music together. They made a new rhythm. A rhythm that spread through the garden and made them happy. They were not bossy anymore. They were friends.Once upon a time, there was a hippo named Harry. Harry was big and grey and loved to play in the mud. One day, Harrys mommy told him it was time to clean up. Harry didnt like to clean up because it was difficult for him. I dont want to clean up, mommy, Harry said. But Harry, you need to be clean and shiny like a polished penny, mommy hippo replied. Harry didnt know what polished meant, but he knew he didnt want to be a dirty hippo anymore. So, he tried his best to clean himself up. It was hard work, but he did it. When he was all clean, he felt happy and proud of himself. Look, mommy! Im shiny like a penny! Harry said. Mommy hippo smiled and gave Harry a big hug. Good job, Harry. Now, lets go play in the sun!Once there was a small worm called Bob. Bob was very playful and loved running around and exploring. One day, Bob found himself in a brand new garden. He wriggled around and explored all the colourful flowers. Suddenly, out of nowhere, a little girl appeared. She bent down and looked into Bobs eyes. Bob hoped he wouldnt be squished. The little girl smiled and said, âœYouâre so cute! Iâm going to love you!â Bob was so happy and bounced around in joy. The little girl laughed and decided to pick him up carefully and take him home with her. From then on, the little girl and Bob were the best of friends and played together every day.One day, Andy was playing in the sand. He was having so much fun when a gust of wind blew sand into his eyes. He was so sad and started to cry. His mom saw what had happened and came to him. Whats wrong Andy? she said. The sand got in my eyes, he said. Lets go clean your eyes, said his mom. They went inside and his mom cleaned his eyes with a wet cloth. The cloth was soft and refreshingly cool. Andy felt much better after his mom had cleaned his eyes. Thank you mommy, he said, happy. His mom smiled and said, Mommy wants to make sure not only do you feel better, but that you can breath happy, too. Its important to breath clean oxygen. Andy nodded. Oh, I understand, mom, he said, feeling fair. His mom smiled and gave him a hug. I love you, little man, she said.Once upon a time, there was a kind mommy who lived in a small house. Every night, she would kneel beside her little girls bed and say a prayer. The little girl loved it when her mommy kneeled beside her. She felt safe and loved. One night, as the mommy kneeled beside her daughters bed, the little girl asked, Mommy, why do you always pray at night? The mommy smiled and said, Because at night, when its dark outside, we can talk to God and thank Him for all the good things in our life. The little girl thought about what her mommy said and felt very happy. She knew that her mommy was a modest person who always did the right thing. And she felt lucky to have such a kind mommy who kneeled beside her every night. From that night on, the little girl always felt safe and loved, knowing that her mommy would always be there for her.Once there were two friends, Bob and Sue. It was summer, so they went to the park to play and have lots of fun. As they ran around the playground, they saw a peach tree with lots of ripe peaches. Bob was so excited he said âœSue, letâs eat the peaches!â. Sue replied âœNo, Bob, thatâs not fair. We need to pay for themâ. Bob was a bit disappointed but agreed. When they went to the peach farmer he asked them âœDo you have money to pay for the peaches?â Bob and Sue shook their heads sadly. The farmer was so kind. He smiled at them and said âœItâs ok. I know you kids are just being foolish. Enjoy the peaches.â So Bob and Sue happily picked peaches off the trees, thanked the farmer, and ran back to the play park with their arms full of juicy peaches. They were so happy and full of energy. They ate their peaches and had a wonderful time playing in the park all day. They even shared the peaches with a few bird friends they had made.Once upon a time, there was a dog named Spot. Spot was a big and brown dog with a wagging tail. One day, Spot found a bone in the park. The bone was very big and Spot was very happy. He took the bone in his mouth and ran back home. When Spot got home, he saw that his bone was filthy. It was covered in dirt and mud. Spot didnt like his bone to be dirty, so he decided to clean it. He licked the bone with his tongue and rubbed it with his paws. After a while, the bone was clean and shiny. Spot was so happy with his clean bone that he wanted to show it to his owner. He ran to his owner and barked happily. His owner saw the clean bone and clapped for Spot. Spot was very proud of himself and he wagged his tail happily. From that day on, Spot always kept his bone clean and shiny.One day, a little girl was playing outside in the sun. Then, it started to rain. She was worried because she could get wet. But then her mommy came and brought her an umbrella! She was so happy and ran to put it up. The umbrella was normal. It was yellow and blue. She opened it and it made a funny sound. It was big enough to cover her whole body so she wouldnt get wet. She played with the umbrella for a while. Then she went inside with her mommy and the umbrella. It was so nice that her mommy brought the umbrella! It was fun to play in the rain and not get wet. The umbrella kept her dry. She was so lucky!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the park with her friends. They would run and jump and laugh together. One day, Lily saw a beautiful butterfly flying gracefully in the sky. She wanted to catch it, so she ran after it. Her friend, Timmy, said, Lily, stop! You might hurt the butterfly. But Lily didnt listen and kept chasing the butterfly. Suddenly, the butterfly stopped and landed on a flower. Lily slowly walked towards it and gently picked it up. She was so happy to have caught it, but then she realized that it was better to let it go free. Lily said, Butterfly, you can go play now. I dont want to hurt you. And with that, she opened her hand and the butterfly flew away. Lily learned that sometimes its better to stop and be graceful, and that playing with friends is more fun than chasing butterflies.One day, a little boy was playing with his toys in his bedroom. He was very busy playing. Suddenly, he heard a loud strike coming from outside his bedroom window. He was very scared and he ran to his mum and dad. His mum and dad went to investigate the strike. They looked out of the bedroom window and saw that it was thunder. They told the little boy that the thunder was just a loud sound in the sky because it was raining. The little boy was still frightened, so his parents stayed with him in his bedroom until the rain stopped and the storm passed. They played together and had lots of fun. After a while, the thunder and rain stopped. The little boy was no longer scared. His mum and dad gave him a big hug and kiss, then said goodnight and left the bedroom. The little boy fell fast asleep, feeling safe and happy in his bedroom.Once there was a boy called George. He loved grapes and he wanted some, but his mum said no. George was very sad and he wanted to get some grapes. So he went to the garden and saw some grapes on the vine. He was very happy, because now he could get some grapes! But then, he heard a voice. It was coming from the tree above him. It was a bird! The bird was speaking to him. It said, Those are not for you. They are mine! George was scared, but he still wanted the grapes. He said, Please, can I have some of your grapes? But the bird said no. It said, No, these grapes are mine! You must leave peacefully, or I will be angry! George was sad, but he knew he should do as the bird said. So he left the garden and went back home. But he was still sad he didnt get any grapes.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to cook with her mom in the kitchen. One day, they decided to make some yummy soup. Lily helped her mom chop up the vegetables and put them in the pot. Then, her mom let her stir the soup with a big spoon. While they were waiting for the soup to cook, Lilys mom showed her some pictures on her phone. Lily loved looking at the images of cute animals and pretty flowers. When the soup was ready, they poured it into bowls and sat down to eat. Lilys mom was happy to see that Lily had made a tidy mess in the kitchen.Once there was a pink cat named Silly. She lived in a big house with lots of windows. One day, Silly saw a big, scary spider outside the window. She screamed so loudly that the spider ran away scared. Then Silly started to laugh. She was so happy that the spider was gone. Silly ran all around the house, laughing and screaming. Her laughter was so loud that it filled the house. Everywhere Silly went she could hear her own laughter echoing off the walls. Then Silly saw a big butterfly. She was so excited. She ran towards it and gave a very loud, happy scream. The butterfly flew away, scared by the noise. Silly laughed even harder. She ran around the house, screaming and laughing at everything she saw. In the end, Silly was silly and pink and happy.Lily and Tom were playing in the park with their toy soldiers. They liked to pretend they were in a big war and had to protect their base from the bad guys. They made noises like guns and bombs and ran around the grass. Bang! Bang! Youre dead, Tom! Lily shouted, pointing her soldier at Toms soldier. No, Im not! You missed me, Lily! Tom said, hiding behind a tree. Im too fast for you! Lily ran after him, trying to catch him. She was fast too, but Tom was faster. He ran to the other side of the park, where there was a big slide. He climbed up the slide and put his soldier on top. Ha! I have the high ground, Lily! You cant get me now! Tom said, smiling. Lily was not happy. She wanted to get Tom and his soldier. She looked around and saw a big rock. She picked it up and threw it at the slide. The rock hit the slide and made a loud noise. Tom and his soldier fell down the slide and landed on the ground. Ow! Ow! Ow! That hurt, Lily! Tom cried, holding his soldier and his head. Lily ran to him and saw that he was hurt. She felt sorry for him. She put down her soldier and hugged him. Im sorry, Tom. I didnt mean to hurt you. I just wanted to play. Lily said, softly. Its okay, Lily. Im sorry too. I shouldnt have run away from you. I just wanted to have fun. Tom said, hugging her back. They looked at each other and smiled. They were friends again. They picked up their soldiers and decided to play something else. They liked to play with their soldiers, but they liked to play with each other more. They were happy.Once upon a time, there lived a curious little boy named Jack. He always loved to explore. One day, he was exploring his house when he stumbled upon a strange metallic box. Upon examining it, he realized that the box was a refrigerator! Jack was filled with excitement and could not wait to have a peek inside. He opened the door, and sure enough, the refrigerator was filled with delicious food. Jack was so overwhelmed, he couldnt help but reach out and grab something to eat. All of a sudden, a voice called out. âœJack! What do you think youâre doing?â It was his mom. Jack looked up, a little sheepish. âœI was being curious,â he replied. âœWell, curiosity is good,â Mom said, âœbut letâs make sure you feed yourself properly, okay?â Jack nodded, and was happy to find that his mom was not mad. She helped him pick some healthy food to eat and he enjoyed his meal. After that, Jack knew he should always feed himself properly, but it was okay to be curious too!Once upon a time there was a mommy and a little girl. The mommy had a task to do, but she was feeling weak. She did not know what to do. The little girl wanted to help so she offered to help. The mommy was so happy and accepted her offer. The Mommy showed the girl how to do the task. It was hard at first, but with practice she got better. She was so proud that she had helped. When the task was finished the Mommy thanked the little girl for her help. She gave her a big hug and a kiss for being so kind and brave. The little girl was so happy she had been able to help her Mommy. They both smiled and hugged each other and were so happy that the task was finished. The End.Once upon a time, there was a little bird called Joe. Joe was a very shy bird. He was always scared to fly out of his nest in the big tree. One day, Joe decided to be brave and try soaring. He hopped out of his nest and started to flutter his wings. He flew up and up into the sky, higher and higher. Joe flew by a boy walking along the ground. He was wearing a red shoe. Joe watched the shoe as he soared and he wanted so badly to fly closer to it. The boy saw Joe and smiled. He reached out to Joe, but Joe was too shy to go near the boys hand. Soo, Joe flew away, but he kept looking back at the shoe. Joe returned to his nest, safe and happy. He knew he would never forget the day he finally soared. He had been so brave and he was proud of himself.Once there was a poor rabbit who lived in a hole in the ground. He had nothing to play with but he was happy anyway. One day, he heard a noise. What he saw made him very excited! It was a toy, hopping across the grass. The rabbit hopped over to the toy and picked it up. It was a bright yellow ball. The rabbit was so happy to have the toy. He hopped around the field, pushing the ball all around. He had so much fun playing with his new toy! At the end of the day, the poor rabbit hopped back to his hole in the ground. But then, something amazing happened. When the rabbit put his toy away, he found lots of other toys waiting for him! He could hardly believe it. Now, every day the poor rabbit hops around the field playing with his new toys. He is so happy that he has something new to play with.Lily and Ben were best friends. They liked to play with blocks and make buildings. One day, they found a big box of purple blocks. They were very happy and started to build a castle. But soon, they had a problem. Lily wanted to make the castle taller and taller. Ben wanted to make the castle wider and wider. They did not agree on how to build the castle. They started to argue and push each other. Stop it, Lily! You are making the castle fall! Ben shouted. No, you stop it, Ben! You are making the castle too big! Lily shouted back. They were so angry that they knocked down the castle. The purple blocks scattered everywhere. They both felt sad and sorry. They looked at each other and saw tears in their eyes. They remembered that they were best friends. They did not want to fight anymore. Im sorry, Lily. I was mean to you. Can you forgive me? Ben asked. Im sorry, Ben. I was mean to you, too. Of course I can forgive you. Lily said. They hugged and smiled. They decided to build the castle again, but this time, they listened to each other and shared their ideas. They had fun and made a beautiful purple castle. They were happy and proud of their building.Once upon a time, in a small village, there was a kind man named Tom. Tom had a big truck. He used the truck to bring things to the village. One day, he had to bring oil. The village needed the oil to cook food and keep warm. On the way, Tom met a little boy named Tim. Tim looked sad. Tom asked, Why are you sad, Tim? Tim said, I lost my toy. Can you help me find it? Tom smiled and said, Yes, I can help you. Lets look for your toy together. Tom and Tim looked and looked. They found the toy under a tree. Tim was very happy. Tom said, Now, lets bring the oil to the village. Tim said, I want to help. I can be useful too. So, Tom and Tim worked together to bring the oil to the village. Everyone in the village was happy. The oil was very useful. They could cook food and keep warm. Tom and Tim became good friends. They had fun helping each other and bringing things to the village. And they lived happily ever after.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved playing with her toys and going to the park. One day, she went to the shop with her mom. She saw a big candy bar and wanted it so badly, but her mom said no because they already had snacks at home. Lily was sad and hungry. As they were walking home, they saw a kitten stuck in a tree. Lilys mom said, We have to rescue the kitty! They called the fire department, but they were too busy. Lilys mom had an idea and asked the shop owner for help. The shop owner brought a ladder, and they rescued the kitten together. After the rescue, the shop owner gave Lily a small candy bar as a reward. Lily was so happy and hugged her mom. She learned that sometimes you have to be patient and kind, and good things will happen.The sky was grey and it began to rain. The raindrops were big and cold. The little girl was sad because she wanted to play outside but now it rained. Her mom saw that she was sad and brought out a big yellow banana. The little girl smiled as she ate the banana. The sweet taste made her happy again. But mom had a surprise too. She brought out a fake banana made of plastic. The little girl was excited to eat the fake banana. She pretended to take bites out of it and played with it for a long time. The rain stopped and the sun came out. The little girl smiled and ran outside to play. Her fake banana stayed indoors and stayed dry.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She liked to play with her toys and go on adventures with her teddy bear, Brownie. One day, Lilys mommy said, Lily, its time for Brownie to take a nap. You can play quietly while he sleeps. Lily looked at Brownie and said, Okay mommy, Ill be quiet so Brownie can nap. She then went to her room to play with her dolls. After a while, Lilys daddy came home from work. He was very tired and wanted to take a nap too. Lily went to her daddy and said, Daddy, you can nap in my room. Its quiet in there. Her daddy smiled and said, Thank you, Lily. Youre such a good helper. And with that, her daddy took a nap in Lilys room while she played quietly with her toys.One day, there was a boy who wanted to find something special. He decided to search around his house to find it. He looked in his toy box, under the sofa and in the cupboard but he couldnt find anything. He kept looking until he saw something glimmering in the corner. It was a little bit of gold! He looked at it and it shone brightly in the light. He was so excited that he had found it and he decided to take it home. He was very happy and held the gold close to his heart. He searched and searched for more golden things but he couldnt find anything else. He was still happy because he had found the gold and he vowed to keep looking for more.Lila and Sam like to jog with Mom in the park. They put on their shoes and hats and go outside. The air is cold and wet. They see mist on the grass and the trees. It looks like fairy dust. Wow, look at the mist! Lila says. It is so pretty! Yes, it is, Mom says. But it is also cold. Lets jog to warm up. They jog on the path. They see birds and squirrels and flowers. They hear leaves and water and cars. They feel their hearts and lungs and legs. Jogging is fun! Sam says. It makes me happy! Me too, Lila says. But I am also tired. Can we stop for a snack? Sure, Mom says. There is a bench over there. We can sit and eat our apples and crackers. They jog to the bench. They sit and eat. They feel the mist on their faces. It is soft and cool. I like the mist, Lila says. It is like a hug from the sky. I like it too, Sam says. But I also like the sun. Maybe it will come out later. Maybe, Mom says. But for now, lets enjoy the mist. It is a special gift from nature. They smile and hug. They finish their snack. They jog back home. They are happy and warm. They love to jog with Mom in the park.One day, a squirrel was running around looking for acorns. He had been looking all morning and was getting upset. He was so upset that he stopped to sit down. Suddenly, he heard a noise. He looked around and saw a bird calling out. The bird was standing on a branch and holding a tiny device. The bird said that he was there to help the squirrel find an acorn. The bird told the squirrel that he wanted to record him finding an acorn. The squirrel was excited. He looked around until he found one. He grabbed the acorn and put it into the birds device. Then, the bird thanked the squirrel and flew away. The squirrel was so proud of himself. He found an acorn all by himself. With the help of the bird, he was able to record it. He kept looking for more acorns until the sun started to go down. Then, he went back home and told his friends about his big adventure.Once upon a time, there was a bear. He was sad because he had lost his ball. But then he found a sand box and he knew what to do. He scooped up some of the soft sand and put his ball in it. Then he patted down the sand and it made a nice, soft bed for his ball. The bear was happy and he had a nice snooze in the sun. As he dozed, he had the best idea. He dug a hole in the sand and then he buried his ball deep down. Afterwards, the bear was happy and he even sang a song. He said goodbye to his ball and skipped away to play.Once upon a time, there was a cute puppy named Spot. Spot was very adorable and loved to play with his ball. One day, Spots owner gave him a lecture about not chewing on shoes. Spot listened carefully and promised to be a good boy. Later that day, Spot went outside to play with his ball. Suddenly, a big storm came and lightning struck a nearby tree. Spot got scared and ran back inside. His owner hugged him and told him he was safe. From that day on, Spot never chewed on shoes again and was always careful during storms. He knew that listening to his owners lectures was important and would keep him safe.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the sun and have fun. One day, she saw a post in the ground and wanted to climb it. Her mom said, Be careful, Lily. That post might fall down. Lily climbed up the post and felt proud. She saw the sun start to set and the sky turn orange. Suddenly, the post started to shake and Lily fell down. She hurt her arm and started to cry. Her mom ran over to her and said, Dont worry, Lily. Well get you to the hospital. As they walked away, Lily saw the post start to glow. She didnt know what it meant, but it looked pretty. Later, they found out that the post was struck by lightning and caught on fire. It burned down the whole park and Lilys favorite tree. She was sad, but her arm was dry and she felt better soon.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a blue dress that she loved to wear every day. One day, Lily met an old man who was sitting on a bench. He looked sad, so she went to talk to him. Hi, Mister. Why do you look sad? asked Lily. I hate being alone, said the old man. Lily felt sorry for him and sat down next to him. They talked for a while and Lily learned that the old man had no family or friends to talk to. She realized that she could be his friend and make him happy. From that day on, Lily visited the old man every day, bringing him cookies and telling him stories. The old man was very grateful and happy to have a friend. Lily learned that helping others can make them happy and that age doesnt matter when it comes to making friends.Once upon a time, there was a man named John who had a dove. The dove was white and harmless, and John loved her very much. One day, John decided to sell the dove to a lady who wanted a pet. The lady was happy to buy the dove, and John was happy to sell her. The lady took the dove home and put her in a cage. The dove was scared at first, but soon she realized that the lady was kind and harmless too. The lady gave the dove some seeds to eat and water to drink, and the dove was very happy. Every day, the lady would talk to the dove and sing to her. The dove loved to hear the ladys voice and would coo back to her. The dove was no longer scared and knew that she was in a good home. John was happy too, because he knew that the dove was in a happy place.One day there was a special night for Tata and her family. She put her best dress on and her mama put a fancy lamp on the table. Everyone was excited, but Tata began to tremble. Tata curious asked her mama why she was trembling. We will find out soon, her mama replied. The family opened the door and Tata stood in front of a big cake with a lot of candles! Everyone cheered and sang happy birthday. Tata ran to her mama and hugged her. The light of the lamp and the cakes candles shone in Tatas eyes. Tata realized that she had been trembling for fear of not having a birthday. She was happy and relieved that her family had remembered her special day!One day, a little gray bird was flying in the sky. The gray bird saw a big tree and thought it would be a good place to make a nest. So, the gray bird flew down to the tree and started to make a nest with sticks and leaves. While the gray bird was making the nest, a friendly squirrel came by. The squirrel said, Hi, bird! What are you doing? The gray bird replied, I am making a nest for my family. The squirrel smiled and said, Thats nice! I live in this tree too. The gray bird and the squirrel became good friends. They played together every day and helped each other find food. The gray bird was happy to have a new friend and a cozy nest for its family.The Chubby Rose. Once there was a chubby rose who loved to travel. She stopped in many places, admiring the sights and sounds of her adventures. Everywhere she went she was given a warm welcome. One day as she was travelling along she suddenly heard a loud voice. It was coming from a man. He was shouting at her, telling her to leave. The rose was very scared and she didnât know why the man was acting so angry. âœWhatâs wrong?â the rose asked. âœYouâre ruining my garden,â the man said. âœYou need to travel somewhere else.â The rose didnât want to leave as she had grown quite fond of the place. But she realised that the man was not going to let her stay. So with a heavy heart, the chubby rose left and continued her travels. She was sad to have been forced to leave but she was still determined to find new places to visit and to have new adventures.Once upon a time there was a little bunny. Every day he would hop around and explore his neighbourhood. One day he was hopping through a park when he saw something funny on a hanger. The bunny was curious so he hopped over to take a closer look. It was a strange hat, big and yellow. He snuck up slowly to introduce himself to the hat. The hat was surprised when he heard a voice say Hello. He said in a deep voice Greetings, Im the funny hat. The bunny immediately knew he wanted to be friends. He asked the funny hat to come play with him and the hat replied, Hmm, I wouldnt know what to do. Youll have to show me. The bunny smiled and invited the funny hat onto the hanger. The bunny showed him all his favourite places to play and taught him how to hop like a bunny. The funny hat was thrilled and they became instant friends. They had lots of fun playing together, hopping around the neighbourhood. It looked like they might be friends forever.There were three friends Sid, Dave, and Mark. One day they were playing with their board in the park. Suddenly, it began to rain, so they decided to take their board and go to Sids house. When they reached Sids house, they knocked on the door and waited. Sids mum answered and said they could come in. But she also said they had to be safe in the house. Dave and Mark agreed and started playing with their board indoors. But Sid refused. He wanted to keep playing outside in the rain. Sids mum tried to explain why it was not safe, but Sid was too stubborn to listen to reason. At last, Dave stood up and said, Sid, its not wise to disobey your mum. If we do as she says, then we will be safe. We all have to work together to help each other stay safe. Everyone agreed, and thats how Sid and his friends found a safe way to play with their board in the rain.ðŸŽOnce upon a time, there was a bird. The bird liked to fly high in the sky and soar over the trees. One day, the bird saw a dish on the ground. The bird thought it was a tasty treat and tried to eat it. But the dish was too big for the birds beak. The bird felt sorry for trying to eat the dish. It flew away and found some berries to eat instead. The bird learned that not everything it sees is good to eat. From then on, the bird only looked at things from afar and continued to soar in the sky. The end.Emily looked at the beautiful flowers. She saw some butterflies fluttering around them. She smiled and decided to pick a few. She carefully moved them into her basket. Suddenly, her tummy rumbled. She knew it was almost lunchtime. Emily carefully put the flowers back and moved towards the house. Her mom was in the kitchen and when she saw Emily, she smiled. She asked, What would you like for lunch?. Emily thought for a moment. She felt thoughtful, and it seemed like the perfect time to try something new. Her mom asked, What about a tasty salad?. Emily nodded and said, Move me to try it please!. Her mom laughed and said, Of course!. She moved to the fridge and made a gentle salad for Emilys empty stomach. She served it with a smile. Emily tucked into the delicious salad and knew she had made a wise decision. She thanked her mom for being so thoughtful.One day, a little girl wanted to paint. She went outside, and looked around. The grass was green, and the sky was blue. It was a mild day, so it was perfect for painting. The little girl began to paint, and she used all the colors from her box of paints. Red, yellow, and blue. She painted on the grass, and she made a beautiful picture. She painted flowers and birds, and she was very proud of her work. The sun was shining, so everything looked very bright. When she was finished, she stood up and looked at her painting. She felt very happy, because she had made something beautiful. She knew she would always remember this mild day and the painting she made on the grass.One day, Mommy was walking to the store with her 3 year old daughter. They were very excited because Mommy was going to buy a new wallet. The wallet was very expensive but Mommy thought it was worth it. When they got to the store, Mommy asked her daughter to pick out the wallet. The little girl found the perfect wallet. She was so excited that she started to yell and dance around the store. Everyone in the store smiled and laughed at her. Mommy and her daughter went to the checkout to pay for the wallet. The little girl was proud to help take out the money and give it to the cashier. After they left the store, Mommy and her daughter walked home. The little girl still held tightly onto her wallet. Every now and then, she would yell about how exciting it was to own such an expensive wallet. Mommy just smiled as she held her daughters hand.Once upon a time, there was a brown dog named Buddy. Buddy was a very good dog. He liked to play and run. Buddy had a little friend named Tim. Tim was a small boy with a big smile. One day, Tim wanted to teach Buddy a new trick. Tim took Buddy to his room. In the room, there was a big bed. The bed was soft and cozy. Tim said to Buddy, Buddy, I will teach you to jump on the bed. Buddy was happy to learn. Tim showed Buddy how to jump on the bed. Buddy tried and tried. At last, Buddy jumped on the bed! Tim and Buddy were so happy. They played on the bed all day long. And that is how Buddy learned to jump on the bed.Once there was a boy who liked to play outside. One cold winter day, the boys mom was giving him his jacket so he could go and play. As the boy put his jacket on, he noticed something outside the window. It was snowing! He was so excited that he ran outside and looked around. The ground was covered in a thick, icy layer of snow. The boy started to scatter the snow around with his feet. He had so much fun! He noticed a rubber ball in the snow, so he picked it up and started running around with it. The boy found it fun to throw the rubber ball against the icy walls of his house. The ball bounced off it and landed in the snow again. The boy ran to grab the ball, and started to scatter the snow around again with his feet. The boy had so much fun that he wanted to keep playing until dinnertime.Once upon a time, a little girl named Lily went for a walk in the forest. Suddenly, she saw a fox. The fox was very calm and just sat there watching her. Hello Mr. Fox, said Lily. What are you doing here? I am just resting, said the fox. What brings you to the forest? I like to explore, said Lily. But I am lost. Can you help me find my way home? I can try, said the fox. But first, something has happened. There is a big tree blocking our path. We need to find a way around it. Lily and the fox worked together to find a way around the tree. Finally, they found a path that led out of the forest. Lily was very happy to be going home and thanked the fox for his help. The fox just smiled and went back to his calm rest.One day, Bill and Tim were playing in the park. Bill was a thoughtful boy and Tim was gray like the cloudy sky. They decided to spend the day playing and exploring. First, they played tag and laughed and shouted. Then, they decided to spend some time climbing on the rocks. Bill was really thoughtful and he offered Tim a helping hand. After they were done, they sat down to eat lunch. Bill had brought a big, yummy sandwich and some tasty apples. Tim was so happy! Finally, the two boys decided to spend their last minutes fishing in the lake. Suddenly, Tim caught a big, fat fish! Tim was so proud and he hugged Bill. They agreed it was a perfect day, spent together.One sunny day, a little girl named Lily was playing in her backyard. Suddenly, her friend Timmy came over to play. Hi Lily! Do you want to play catch with me? Timmy asked. Lily said, Yes, I want to play catch! She ran to get her ball and they started playing. After a while, Lilys mom came outside and said, Lily, I have to go to the store. Do you want to come with me? Lily said, No, I want to keep playing with Timmy. Her mom said, Okay, but be alert and stay in the backyard. Lily and Timmy kept playing catch, but then Timmy accidentally threw the ball over the fence. Lily said, I can get it! and she climbed over the fence to get the ball. But then, Lily fell and hurt herself. Timmy ran to get help, but it was too late. Lilys mom came back and found Lily hurt. She called for an ambulance, but it was too late. Lily had died. Timmy felt very sad and guilty. He wished he had offered to go with Lily to the store. He wished he had never asked her to play catch.Once upon a time, there was a little bird named Billy. Billy lived in a high tree with his family. He loved to fly and play with his friends all day. One day, Billy saw a big red ball stuck in his tree. He wanted to play with it, but he didnt know how to get it down. So, he asked his friend, Tommy the squirrel, for help. Tommy, please help me get the ball down, said Billy. What is your opinion on how to do it? Tommy thought for a moment and said, I think we can work together. I will climb the tree, and you can fly and push the ball. Then, it will fall down, and we can play with it. Billy liked Tommys opinion, so they worked together to get the ball down. They played with the ball all day and had lots of fun. In the end, they were very happy that they had helped each other and learned the importance of teamwork.Once upon a time, there was a little duck named Ducky. Ducky loved to swim in the river with his friends. One day, Ducky and his friends were playing in the river when they saw a big, mean cat. The cat wanted to catch Ducky and his friends for dinner. Ducky knew he had to escape from the cat. He quickly swam away, but the cat was fast. Duckys friends were scared and didnt know what to do. Suddenly, Ducky had an idea. He swam to the other side of the river where there was a good man who always fed the ducks. Ducky and his friends swam to the good man and told him about the cat. The good man chased the cat away and gave the ducks some bread to eat. Ducky and his friends were safe and happy, and they knew they could always escape from danger if they had a good plan.Mum was making dinner in the kitchen and Ellie wanted to help. She got out the box with handles and opened it. Inside was a fancy dress. Ellie wanted to search for shoes to match the dress. Mum saw Ellie and said, What are you doing? Ellie said, Im searching for shoes to match my fancy dress! Mum smiled and said, Lets look together. So Mum and Ellie searched through all the boxes. Finally, they found a pair of fancy shoes with handles. Ellie was so happy and couldnt wait to put on the dress and shoes. Mum helped Ellie put on the fancy dress and shoes. Ellie twirled around and said, I look fancy! Mum said, Yes, you do.Once upon a time there was a huge parrot. It lived in a big garden with tall trees. The parrot had lots of fun playing in the garden. Every day it would swing from the branches, catching shiny bugs and singing loudly. One day, the parrot saw something special in the garden it was a tiny house. Inside, there was a little girl playing with a pretty toy. The parrot was curious so it flew to the house, perched on the window and watched the little girl. The girl noticed the parrot and they waved to each other. The girl said something to the parrot, but the parrot couldnt understand. So it just smiled and flew away. But the parrot never forgot the little girl. Each day when it flew around the garden, it always remembered her smiling face and waving hand. And it was happy that it got to make a new friend.One day, there was a fat cat on the porch. The cat was staring at something. The cats friend, a small mouse, came to visit. The mouse asked, âœWhat are you looking at?â The cat replied, âœI am staring at something shiny. It is over there. Can you see it?â The mouse looked over. Sure enough, there was a glimmering object in the distance. The cat and the mouse stood on the porch and stared at it. Then, they heard a loud noise and the shiny object was gone. The cat said, âœLetâs go take a closer look.â The mouse shook its head and said, âœNo way! Iâm too scared.â But the fat cat hopped off the porch and ran to see what it was. The mouse stayed on the porch and stared at the cat. Eventually, the cat came back, safe and sound. The mouse said, âœWhat was it?â The cat smiled and meowed, âœIt was a huge firework! It was beautiful.â The mouse gasped. The cat said, âœLetâs go back to the porch and watch for more!â The mouse smiled. It was so glad to have such an adventurous friend.Once upon a time there was a little girl called June. June was a very happy girl and loved to play with her friends. One day June was walking in the garden and saw a seed. The seed was very small. She decided to take it home. When she got home, June planted the seed in the ground and watered it. Each day Junewould look outside to see if the seed had grown. After a few days, June saw the seed had grown into a big, beautiful flower. She was so glad. She ran back into the house and showed her mom the flower. Momsaid, What a lovely flower you have grown, June. I am so proud of you. June was so happy. June asked her mother if she could put the flower in the refrigerator. Mom said, Yes, you can. Why are you putting it in the refrigerator? June said, Because this flower will last longer if I put it in the refrigerator. Then I can keep it for a very long time. Mom smiled and said, Thats a great idea. June put the flower in the refrigerator and was very glad. She knew it would last for a long time.Once upon a time there was a bee called Sarah. She lived in a hive in the ground. One day, Sarah wanted to go explore the world outside her hive. She waved at her mum and dad and flew off into the big, wide world. But Sarah found the world outside very cold. She shivered and huddled up. But she was brave and kept flying. Then she arrived at a park! There were lots of children playing, but they didnt notice Sarah. But then one of the children noticed Sarah and pointed at her. He shouted to the other children, Look a bee! Can I catch it? The other children shouted back yes, and they all chased after Sarah. Sarah felt embarrassed that they were all chasing her, so she flew up higher and higher! The children soon gave up and ran away. Sarah was relieved and flew back to her hive, happy and tired. The End.Once upon a time there was a little girl called Jacky. She was three years old and very bossy. She liked to do things by herself and never listened to anyone. One sunny day, Jacky went to the park and saw a chain that someone had left on the ground. She liked the shiny links and wanted to play with it. She stood up and grabbed the chain with her little hands. Then she began to drag it around the park. Suddenly, a boy appeared and said, Hey! Thats not yours! Jacky stared at the boy and said, Its mine, Im bossy! The boy shook his head and said, No its not. You need to put it back where you found it. Jacky didnt want to listen, so she kept on dragging the chain around. The boy decided to take Jacky back to the chain and make her stand there until she agreed to put it back. At first, Jacky was angry but soon she realized that the chain didnt belong to her and she had to give it back. She put the chain back on the ground, said sorry to the boy and promised to never again take someone elses things.Minty was a happy threeyearold girl. She loved playing with her toys and knitting with her mom. Today, she got a new ball of yarn to play with. She was very excited and she asked her mom, What can I do with the yarn? Her mom smiled and said, You can make something with it! Minty was even more excited now. Like what? she asked. You can knit a scarf! her mom answered. Just rub the yarn with your fingers and you can make it into a string. Minty rubbed the yarn with her fingers and started making her scarf. Her mom helped her a bit, but she mostly did it on her own. It was very mild and soft. When she was done, Minty had a beautiful scarf that was just perfect! She was very proud of herself.John was out in the backyard playing. He saw a funny looking insect and he laughed. He tried to catch the insect but it flew away. John became confused. He walked around the garden, looking for the insect. He heard a chuckle coming from the bushes. Suddenly, an insect popped out and flew into the air. It was the same funny looking insect from before! John laughed and jumped around the garden, trying to catch the insect. The insect was too fast though, and soon it was gone. John was confused but he was also filled with joy for the fun game he just played with the silly insect.Once upon a time there was a friendly little boy who liked to go for walks by the river. One day he met a friendly duck on the river bank. They said hello and the duck asked if the boy wanted to join it in a swim. The boy and the duck disagreed because the water was too cold. But they both had an idea. They cleverly went back to the bank and gathered some stones. They threw the stones into the water, making a little bridge over the river. Once the bridge was ready, they happily crossed it over the river together. When they reached the other side, they held hands and jumped into the river! They had a great time playing together in the water. They were so happy and friendly.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She was playing in her backyard when she fell and hurt her knee. She cried and cried until her mommy came outside to see what was wrong. Mommy saw that Lily needed help and decided to call an ambulance. Soon, the ambulance came with its lights flashing and siren blaring. The ambulance had big doors that could open and close quickly. The paramedics were very nice and helped Lily onto a stretcher. They put her in the ambulance and drove her to the hospital. After the doctors looked at her knee, they put a bandage on it and told Lily she would be okay. From that day on, Lily knew that if she ever needed help, she could call an ambulance and they would come to help her. She was happy that the ambulance doors could open and close so fast because it meant she could get help quickly.Maria and her dad were walking in the park. Maria was feeling very excited, as it had been a long time since she had been outside. She looked around and saw lots of children playing. Her dad asked her, Do you want to join them? Maria smiled, Yes! She started to walk over to the other kids, but when she arrived she felt very anxious. All the other kids were older and seemed to know each other. Maria felt embarrassed. Her dad noticed that Maria was getting anxious and put his arm around her shoulder and said, Its ok, Maria. You dont need to be embarrassed. You can still be with the other children and make friends. You just need to give it a try. Maria was still feeling embarrassed, yet she did not want her dad to be disappointed in her. She decided to take her dads advice and try. She smiled and walked over to a group of the older children. They said hello and welcomed her to join them. Maria felt a huge sense of relief that she had not been too embarrassed to try. She joined in the game and eventually made some friends. Maria had gone from feeling anxious to feeling proud and happy.Once upon a time, there was a big guard. He was strong and very brave. He loved protecting the people of the town. Every day, he would stand guard at the castle gate and make sure nobody came in who he didnt know. He was happy to do this job because he loved to help others. One day a little girl came to the castle gate. She was very small and scared. The guard saw her and smiled. He knew she must be lost and wanted to help. He asked where she was going and she said she was looking for her mom. The guard felt so sorry for the little girl. He asked if he could help her find her mom. The little girl said yes, so the guard searched all around town but he couldnt find her mom. He decided to take the little girl home with him, so she would be safe. The little girl was happy to have a place to stay. She loved the guard and was so grateful for all he had done. The guard was happy too. He knew he had done a good deed and he was glad he could help the little girl. They were both very happy. Love had made them safe.Once upon a time, there was a chubby cricket named Jim. Jim loved to sing and hop around in the grass. One day, Jim hopped into a hole and couldnt get out. He cried out, Help! Help! Im stuck! Just then, a little girl named Lily walked by and heard Jims cries. She peeked into the hole and saw Jims chubby body. Dont worry, Jim. Ill get you out! she said. She reached in and pulled him out of the hole. Thank you, Lily! said Jim. You saved me. Suddenly, a big storm came and lightning struck a tree nearby. Lily and Jim were scared, but they stuck together and waited for the storm to pass. After the storm, they said goodbye and Jim hopped away, singing a happy song.Once upon a time, there was a little dog named Max. Max loved to whistle. He whistled all day long. One day, Max went for a walk and found a filthy seat. He thought it was a good place to rest. Max sat on the filthy seat and whistled a happy tune. A little girl named Lily heard Maxs whistle and came to see who was making the lovely sound. She saw Max sitting on the filthy seat and said, Hi there, little dog! I like your whistle! Max looked up and wagged his tail. He whistled back at Lily. Lily giggled and said, Youre so funny, Max! But why are you sitting on that filthy seat? Lets find a clean place to sit and play together. Max agreed and jumped off the filthy seat. Together, Max and Lily found a clean spot under a big tree. Max whistled and Lily sang, and they played all day long. They became best friends and promised to meet under the tree every day to whistle, sing, and have fun.Lily was sick. She had a bad cough and a hot head. Mommy gave her a pill to make her feel better. Lily did not like the pill. It was big and bitter. She made a face and spit it out. Come on, Lily, you have to take the pill, Mommy said. It will help you stop coughing and cool your head. Lily shook her head. She did not want the pill. She saw her brother Jake playing with his toys. He was not sick. He looked happy and fun. Lily felt jealous. She wanted to play too. Jake, can I play with you? Lily asked. No, Lily, you are sick. You have to stay in bed, Jake said. And you have to take the pill. Mommy said so. Lily was angry. She did not like Jake. He was mean and bossy. She wanted to make him sad. She had an idea. She acted like she was very sick. She coughed louder and louder. She closed her eyes and moaned. Mommy, Mommy, Lily is very sick! Jake shouted. He was scared. He ran to get Mommy. Mommy came and saw Lily. She was worried. She felt her head and took her temperature. She saw the pill on the floor. Lily, why did you spit out the pill? Mommy asked. You need to take it to get better. Lily opened her eyes and smiled. She was not sick. She was acting. She wanted to trick Jake. She wanted to play with his toys. Im sorry, Mommy. I dont like the pill. Can I play now? Lily asked. Mommy was not happy. She was angry. She knew Lily was acting. She did not like her lie. No, Lily, you cannot play. You have to take the pill and stay in bed. And you have to say sorry to Jake. He was worried about you. You were not nice to him. You were jealous and mean, Mommy said. Lily felt bad. She knew Mommy was right. She did not want to make Jake sad. She wanted to be nice to him. She said sorry to Jake and took the pill. She hugged Mommy and Jake. She hoped she would get better soon. She learned not to act and lie. She learned to be happy for Jake and share his toys.Today was a different day for Billy. He woke up and saw the sun shining bright in the sky. He felt happy and excited to go outside and play. Billy ran to the park with his friends and they played on the swings. Billy loved to soar high into the sky and feel the wind in his hair. After playing, Billy and his friends went to get some ice cream. They all got different flavors, but they all tasted delicious. Billys favorite was chocolate. As they walked back to the park, they saw a big bird soaring in the sky. Billy pointed and said, Look, its soaring like me on the swings! When Billy got home, he told his mom about his fun day. She smiled and gave him a big hug. Billy felt happy and loved. He couldnt wait for tomorrow to come so he could have another different day full of fun and adventure.Once upon a time, in a big green forest, there lived a baby deer named Dotty. Dotty was very unusual because she had colorful spots all over her body. She loved to play with her forest friends, but she needed to learn how to walk better. One sunny day, Dotty met a wise old turtle named Mr. T. Mr. T said, Dotty, I can teach you how to walk better. Just follow me and do what I do. Dotty was very happy and excited to learn from Mr. T. They started to walk slowly, step by step. Dotty watched Mr. Ts feet and tried to copy him. It was hard at first, but she kept trying. Soon, Dotty learned how to walk better and faster. She thanked Mr. T and said, Now I can play with my friends without falling down! Dotty and Mr. T became best friends, and they spent many happy days together in the big green forest. And every time they walked together, Dottys unusual colorful spots would shine brighter, making the forest even more beautiful.Once upon a time there was a girl who loved to look at nature. She would go to the park every day and wonder at the plants. She saw so many kinds of plants in all sorts of colors. Her favorite was a pink one. The girl wanted to have a pink plant of her own. She asked her mom to help her get one for her bedroom. Her mom was so happy that she went right away to look for one. Soon, the girl had a pink plant in her bedroom. She watered it every day and it grew bigger and bigger. The girl was so excited to watch it grow. She kept wondering if her pink plant would ever bloom. Soon, one day it began to produce some beautiful pink flowers. The girl was so happy! She was so excited to show off her pink plant to all her friends. The girl was so proud of her pink plant. Every day she would take care of it and it kept blooming more and more.Alice was walking along, on her way to the park. Suddenly, she spotted something pale in the stems of the tall grass. She stepped closer and saw a huge glass of juice! She was so excited she almost couldnt believe it. Alice dashed over to the juice and peered closely at it. The juice was bright and sunny, and it sparkled in the sunshine. She couldnt wait to take a sip. Does this juice belong to anyone? she asked out loud. Yes, it belongs to me, came a voice from behind her. Alice glanced over her shoulder and saw an old lady. Im Mary, said the lady, with a gentle smile. This juice is for a special occasion, and I wanted you to be the first to try it. Would you like some? Alice grinned and nodded. Mary carefully poured some of the juice into a cup and handed it to Alice. Alice took a sip and she was delighted it was the sweetest juice she ever tasted! Mary said that the juice was made especially to serve on a special day. Alice was curious, but before she could ask, Mary gently motioned for her to come closer. This juice is going to be served tomorrow, she said. Its a very special day, and Im sure youll be happy to be part of it. Alice gave Mary a big smileOnce upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her puzzle. One day, Lilys mommy made some hot soup for her. Lily tasted the soup and said, Yummy, its hot! Lilys mommy said, Be careful, its hot. Blow on it to make it cooler. Lily blew on the soup and then said, Mommy, can I kiss you? Lilys mommy smiled and said, Of course, you can kiss me. But first, lets finish your soup. Lily finished her soup and then gave her mommy a big kiss on the cheek. They both smiled and continued to play with Lilys puzzle.Once upon a time, there was a team of sleepy workers. Every day they all went to sleep. One morning, the leader of the team woke them all up. He was rude and shouted Wake up! The team all jumped out of bed. They all got dressed and started to work. They went around doing their jobs. They worked hard and were very tired, but the leader wouldnt let them rest. He kept ordering them to work. The team worked until dark and the leader told them to keep going. That night, the team was so tired that they fell asleep standing up. They were so tired that even the rude leader wanted to rest. He gave them all a break and said Go to bed now. So everyone went to bed early that night. The next morning, the leader said Wake up! Its time to go to work! The team was glad they got to sleep and they worked really hard all day. And they all lived happily ever after.One day, a little boy named Tim saw a shadow on the wall. He did not recognize it. Tim was scared. He called his mom. Mom, there is a shadow on the wall! Tim said. His mom came to see. She looked at the shadow and smiled. Dont worry, Tim. Its just a gentle bird outside the window. Tim looked at the window and saw the gentle bird. He felt happy. Hello, gentle bird! Tim said. The bird sang a pretty song. Tim and his mom listened and smiled. The shadow was not scary anymore.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the park with her friends. One day, she went to the park with her mom and saw a big, powerful dog. She was scared and ran to her mom. Mommy, look at that big dog! Its so powerful! said Lily. Dont worry, sweetie. The dog is under its owners control, said her mom. Lily recognized the dogs owner from the neighborhood. The owner saw Lily and her mom and said, Hi there! Dont be afraid of my dog. Hes friendly. Lily felt better and smiled at the owner. She realized that sometimes things that seem scary can be okay when they are under control.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with dough and make different shapes. One day, she made a big ball of dough and tried to roll it out, but it was too stubborn and wouldnt listen to her. Lily tried to turn the dough around and around, but it still wouldnt listen. She was getting frustrated and about to give up when her mom came in and saw what was happening. Her mom smiled and said, Let me help you, Lily. She gently turned the dough and kneaded it until it was soft and easy to work with. Together, they made lots of fun shapes and had a great time. From then on, whenever Lily had trouble with her dough, she knew to ask for help instead of getting frustrated.Lily and Tom are playing in the park. They like to go on the slide and the swings. They see a big dog with a ball in its mouth. The dog is friendly and wags its tail. Can we pet the dog? Lily asks Tom. OK, but be careful. We have to ask the owner first, Tom says. They rush to the dog and its owner. They say hello and ask if they can pet the dog. The owner smiles and says yes. He tells them the dogs name is Max. Lily and Tom rub Maxs fur and ears. Max likes it and licks their faces. They giggle and hug Max. Thank you for letting us pet your dog. He is very nice, Lily says to the owner. Youre welcome. You are very polite and gentle. Max likes you too, the owner says. Lily and Tom say goodbye to Max and the owner. They go back to the slide and the swings. They have fun in the park.Once upon a time, a little boy called Jack was playing in his garden. He heard some birds chirping in the trees. He was about to go and take a closer look when his mum called him. She shouted, Jack! Come and get a seat for dinner. Jack ran into the house and sat on a seat at the table. But he didnt like it very much because he was upset. He looked around the table at all his family his mum, his dad and his two brothers while they were all talking and laughing. But Jack was too upset to say anything. In the end, his mum noticed Jack was upset. She asked him what was wrong and he told her that he was sad because he hadnt seen the birds in the trees. His mum smiled and said, Dont worry after dinner, lets go out and look for the birds together. Jack smiled back and said, OK! His mood changed instantly and he started laughing and talking with his family. They finished their dinner and then went outside to look for the birds. And they lived happily ever after. The End!Once upon a time, there were two friends, Sam and Joe. Sam stayed at Joes house for the night. In the morning, Joe was so excited to share a clean room with Sam. Joe said to Sam We should stay here until it is time to go! Sam agreed it was a good idea. They played all day, but when it was time to leave, Joe felt sad. Sam said We can always come back. Joe said Yes, but why should we regret something if we can stay again? Sam smiled and said You are so smart, Joe. Lets stay here next time and have more fun! They hugged each other, happy to have a place to be together and clean. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Mia. She had a favorite vest that she wore every day. It was red and had a picture of a fierce lion on it. Mia thought the lion was very cool. One day, Mias vest got dirty from playing outside. She was sad and didnt want to take it off. Her mommy said, Mia, we need to clean your vest so it looks nice again. Mia agreed and gave her vest to her mommy. While the vest was being cleaned, Mia played with her toys. She pretended her teddy bear was a fierce lion, just like the one on her vest. When her mommy brought the clean vest back, Mia was so happy. She put it on and said, Thank you, Mommy! Now my lion can be fierce and clean! Mia and her mommy smiled and hugged each other.Once upon a time there were two friends, Jack and Ann. They decided it was time for an adventure, so off they went on a grand journey! As they walked, Jack turned to Ann and said, I hear a giant is available somewhere nearby. Ann got very excited and asked, Do you think we can find it? Jack replied, Lets look around and see if we can find any clues. With a bit of luck, maybe we can find the giant! So, Jack and Ann decided to explore the area. As they continued, they came upon a huge patch of bright green flowers. Spring has come! they both said together. Jack realized that these flowers were the clue they needed to find the giant. They quickly followed the flower path, and soon enough they found the giant! Jack and Ann were so excited. The giant saw them and smiled. Welcome! Im so glad you found me. The giants smile made Jack and Ann feel very brave. They looked at each other and whispered, Lets go explore the giants world!Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to do things on his own, but he didnt like to wear his coat when it was cold outside. His mom always told him to wear his coat, but he never listened. One day, Timmy went outside to play, and it was very cold. He didnt want to wear his coat, so he left it inside. Soon, he started to feel very cold, but he didnt want to go back inside to get his coat. He thought he could play for just a little bit longer. But then, Timmy got very sick. He had to go to the hospital, and he was very sad. His mom told him that he should have listened and worn his coat. Timmy learned that its important to listen to your mom and take care of yourself, even if you dont want to.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Sara. One day, Sara had a brilliant idea. She looked around her garden until her eyes rested on a big tree. Grinning, she excitedly grabbed a big net and ran to the tree. Im going to throw the net up in the tree and climb it, she said, throwing the big net over the trees branches. Suddenly, the net got stuck in the branches and Sara got a bit dizzy. She tried to get the network out of the tree, but no matter what she did, it stayed stuck. Oh, no! she said. Sara looked around for help when she spotted her dad looking at her with a smile. She ran to him and he gave her a big hug. Dont worry, darling, he said. I will help you get the network out of the tree. Saras dad grabbed a ladder and carefully climbed up the tree. He carefully started untangling the net from the branches until it finally came free. When Sara saw the network in her dads hands she felt so happy that she jumped around and celebrated. Yay! I got my net back, she said, feeling dizzy with joy.Once upon a time, there was a little girl who loved to dance. She would dance all day long and never get tired! One day, she wanted to go outside and play in the sunshine, but it was very dirty. So, the little girl asked her mommy if she could have a bath. Her mommy said yes, so she got all ready to take a bath. She imagined the bath would be like a magical pool. The little girl stepped into the bath and let the water wash over her. She enjoyed the warm water and started splashing around. The water felt so good and she wanted to stay in there forever! When she was done, the girl felt clean and ready to go outside. She danced around, feeling so happy and light! The world felt so magical, and she smiled at all the sunshine. The little girl could not believe how clean a bath had made her feel. She danced and laughed and never forgot her magical bath. She always enjoyed taking a bath so she could enjoy the world around her!Sara and Ben are friends. They like to play in the park. They like to slide, swing and run. One day, they see a new boy in the park. He has a big truck toy. Sara and Ben want to play with the truck. They go to the new boy and say hello. They ask him his name. He says his name is Max. They ask him if they can play with his truck. He says no. He says it is his truck and he does not share. He says they can go away. Sara and Ben are sad and angry. They think Max is mean. They want to play with the truck. They try to take the truck from Max. Max does not let them. He pushes them away. He makes them fall. Sara and Ben get hurt. They cry. A lady comes to the park. She is Maxs mom. She sees what is happening. She is not happy. She goes to Max and scolds him. She tells him to share his truck and be nice. She tells him to say sorry to Sara and Ben. She tells him to welcome them as friends. Max feels bad. He sees that Sara and Ben are hurt. He says sorry to them. He gives them his truck. He asks them if they want to play with him. Sara and Ben stop crying. They smile. They say yes. They say thank you. They welcome him as a friend. They all play together in the park. They have fun. They share the truck. They slide, swing and run. They are happy.Once upon a time there was a clever baby oyster who lived in an oyster bed in the ocean. One day, the baby oyster decided he wanted to organize a party so he could have some friends over. He asked his mom oyster if he could have a party and his mom said, Yes, you can organize a party but you must be careful not to make too much noise. So the baby oyster started to organize his party. He searched for some bigger shells to use as decorations and asked some of his closest friends to help him. They were all very excited to come to the party. When the day of the party arrived, the baby oyster invited his mom oyster to join the fun. His mom was very happy to be part of the celebration. Everyone had a wonderful time eating, playing games and laughing together. When the party was over, the baby oyster was very proud of himself. He had organized a successful party and everyone had had a lovely time. His mom oyster was very proud of him too and praised him for being so clever.Once there was a little girl named Amy who was very bored. She wanted something interesting to do. So she decided to go for a walk and explore. As she walked, she heard a loud rumbling sound. She looked up to see a tornado coming her way. She quickly hid behind a bush. While she was hiding, Amy noticed a bright rainbow in the sky. She watched in awe as the tornado passed. When it was gone, Amy ran back home to tell her family what she had seen. Amy was so excited to share her story of the tornado. But then she realized that it wasnt as interesting as she thought it would be. It was boring. Amy wasnt scared anymore. In fact, she was looking forward to seeing more tornadoes!Once upon a time, there was a wealthy truck driver. He had the biggest and best truck around, but he wanted something better. So he decided to replace his truck with a newer, faster model. He went to the store and found the perfect truck for himself. He was so excited, he quickly paid for it and drove it away. On the way home, he stopped by a friends house. His friend spotted the fancy new truck, and asked what happened to his old one. The truck driver replied, I wanted something better, so I replaced it! His friend laughed and said, If you have a good thing already, why replace it?. The truck driver replied, Because I am wealthy and I can!.A little girl named Emma was walking in the woods. It was a warm summer day. She loved to explore the woods with her Daddy. She saw birds singing in the trees, and she felt the gentle breeze on her face. Then, Emma saw something she didnt like. It was a big pile of wood. She called out to her Daddy, with a tired voice I hate that wood! Daddy came over to her, and said, Thats OK, sweetheart. Lets move on and find something nicer to look at. He took her hand in his, and they walked away together. Emma hugged Daddy even tighter. He was so gentle with her. She liked being in the woods with him. As they kept walking, she saw some pretty butterflies and forgot all about the wood.Once upon a time there was a charming little girl named Kayla. She was only three years old, but she really wanted to ride a bicycle! Kayla asked her mummy and daddy, âœCan I ride a bicycle?â But they said she was too little. One day when Kayla and her mummy were in the park, Kayla saw a bicycle. She said, âœMummy, can I dare to ride that bicycle?â Kaylas mummy smiled and said, âœYes, of course you can try.â Kayla was so excited. She got on the bicycle and tried to pedal. With a little help from her mummy, Kayla managed to ride the bicycle all around the park. She was filled with joy and so very proud of herself. From that day on, Kayla loved going to the park and dared to ride her bicycle whenever she wanted to.Once upon a time there was a girl called Lucy. She was three years old and loved to explore the world. One day, Lucy and her parents decided to go on an adventure. They all hopped in the car and drove to a special port. At the port, there were lots of fancy boats. Lucy was so excited to see them! Lucy said, âœMommy, can I have a boat?â Her mommy replied, âœMaybe one day sweetheart.â But then, Lucy spotted something even better. It was a beautiful yummy ice cream! She asked her mommy if she could have some, and her mommy said yes. Lucy enjoyed her sweet creamy treat while admiring the fancy boats. She laughed with delight as the cool ice cream dripped on her fingers. After the yummy snack, Lucy and her parents drove back home. Lucy had a lot of fun at the port and couldnât wait to go back again and explore.Once there were two brothers named Dave and Tom. Dave was upset because Tom had a pistol. He wanted to have it too. But Tom said he couldnt give Dave his pistol because it wasnt safe. Dave got angry and Tom got scared. Dave asked Tom why he wouldnt give him the pistol. Tom said he was just trying to keep Dave safe, and he still wanted to play with him. Dave calmed down a bit and said he just wanted to have the pistol too. Tom thought about it and decided it would be OK to give Dave his pistol if he promised to be careful. Dave was so happy that he gave Tom a big hug and thanked him. Dave and Tom continued to have fun together, and Dave was very careful with his pistol. Dave and Tom learned it was OK to share and it was important to think about safety.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside, but one day it started to rain. Lilys mom gave her an umbrella to keep her dry. Lily loved her umbrella and twirled it around as she walked. But then, Lily saw a big, scary dog. She was fearful and didnt know what to do. She tried to walk away, but the dog followed her. Lily opened her umbrella to try and scare the dog away, but it didnt work. Suddenly, the dog jumped at Lily and knocked her down. Her umbrella flew out of her hand and the dog ran away. Lily was hurt and her mom had to take her to the hospital. She never wanted to see that dog again. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Sue. Sue loved to eat cherries. She thought they were very delicious. One day, her mom gave her a big bowl of cherries to eat. Sue was so happy. She sat down and started to eat the cherries one by one. She liked how they were red and sweet. She ate and ate until there was just one cherry left. Sue wanted to finish all the cherries in the bowl. She picked up the last cherry and ate it. It was the most delicious cherry of all. Sue was very full and happy. She thanked her mom for the yummy cherries and went to play outside.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She was very excited to go to her first dance class. She put on her pretty pink tutu and ran to the dance studio. When she got there, she saw other girls who were also eager to dance. The teacher told them to clap their hands and follow her instructions. Lily tried her best to clap along with the other girls. She felt happy when she did it right. After the class, Lilys mom asked her how it went. Lily said, I had so much fun! I learned that when we clap together, we can make beautiful music. Her mom smiled and hugged her, and said, Thats right, Lily. When we work together, we can make wonderful things happen.Once upon a time there was a scooter. It was very easy to ride, but a 3 year old needed help. The 3 year old wanted to go faster than just walking, so decided to crawl on the scooter. She went round and round the living room, bouncing up and down and laughing. It was so much fun! She felt like the wind was in her hair and was going so fast. After a while, the 3 year old wanted to try something different, so gave the scooter to her mom who started to spin around the living room, going faster and faster. The 3 year old was so amazed to watch and clapped and laughed. They were having such a great time!Once upon a time, a little boy named Tim went to the store with his mom. They needed to buy food for dinner. Tim saw a big fish in the store and he wanted it. He asked his mom, Can we get the fish, please? His mom said, Yes, we can get the fish. Tim was very glad. They took the fish and went to the man at the front of the store. The man said, You need to pay for the fish. Tims mom gave the man some money and they paid for the fish. They went home and cooked the fish for dinner. Tim was happy he got to eat the fish he picked from the store. He thought it was very yummy. From that day on, Tim always loved to eat fish.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, Lily started drawing with her white crayon. She drew a big circle on the paper. Her mom asked, What are you drawing, Lily? Im drawing the sun, replied Lily. Her mom smiled and said, Thats a great idea! Can I help you color it in? Lily nodded and handed her mom the white crayon. They colored in the sun together and it looked beautiful. From that day on, Lily loved to draw with her white crayon and her mom loved to help her. The end.Once upon a time, there was a thin little boy named Tim. He wanted nothing more than to skip down the street. One day, he saw an oyster in the road and smiled. Hello, oyster! he said. The oyster said, Hi, Tim! Why dont you skip through my town with me? Tim said, Yes! and the two of them started to skip. They skipped and skipped until they were very tired. Then the oyster said, Its time for me to go now. Bye, Tim! And before Tim could say anything, the oyster was gone. Tim smiled, wiped the sweat from his forehead and started skipping home. He skipped until he arrived just before dark. He had really enjoyed his adventure and thought about the oyster all the way home.Once upon a time, there was a farmer named Jack. He had a big farm with lots of different animals. Every day he had to load up the animals so they could go to the market. One day, Jacks neighbor wanted to borrow Jacks donkey. He asked Jack to lend him the donkey, but Jack said no. His neighbor was getting very mad! You are being very selfish! the neighbor exclaimed. Suddenly, I understand why people call you Selfish Jack. Jack started to feel very sad. He knew he should share his animals with his neighbor, but he wanted to keep them all to himself. That night Jack had a dream. In his dream, all the farm animals went to the market together, loaded on the same wagon. He could see his neighbor next to him, and they were both smiling. Jack woke up and knew that he had to do the right thing. He loaded up his donkey and let his neighbor borrow it. From then on, Jack was no longer known as Selfish Jack he was Friend Jack!Tuesday was a sad day for Tommy as he dropped his favorite toy on the floor. As Tommy tried to pick it up, it sharped he had cut himself! Tommy started to cry. His mom tried to comfort him, saying Its okay, Tommy! Lets go get a bandaid. That will make it all better. But no matter how much his mom tried to help, Tommy was still sad. On the way to the store, they passed by the pet shop and Tommy saw a puppy in the window. He was so excited. He asked his mom if they could get the puppy, but his mom said they had to keep going and get the bandaid first. Tommy was so disappointed. When Tommy and his mom arrived back home, Tommy quickly ran to the window to look for the puppy. But it was gone. Tommy was so sad and started to cry. His mom tried to console him and told him that the puppy had gone to find a new home. But the sad ending just made Tommy feel worse. He would never see the puppy ever again. He knew he couldnt get it back and he just wanted his favorite toy. He cried and cried until he fell asleep.Once upon a time, there was a small mouse named Timmy. Timmy was always scared of everything and everyone. He would hide in his little hole all day, every day. One day, Timmy saw a big cat walking towards him. He was so scared that he didnt know what to do. He thought about running away, but he knew the cat was faster. Just then, Timmy remembered something his mommy had told him. She said that if he ever felt scared, he should answer with courage. So, Timmy took a deep breath and stood up to the cat. To his surprise, the cat just walked away. From that day on, Timmy was no longer scared of anything. He learned that sometimes, even the smallest of creatures can have the biggest courage.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play at the beach and look for pretty shells. One day, she saw a seal on the shore. The seal was sad because it was stuck in a net. Lily wanted to help the seal. She ran to her dad and said, Daddy, we need to help the seal! Her dad was brilliant and knew just what to do. He got some scissors and cut the net. The seal was so happy and swam away into the ocean. Lily felt proud that she could help the seal. From that day on, she always looked for ways to help animals in need.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a favorite pillow that she always slept with. One night, she couldnt find her pillow anywhere. She looked under her bed and in her toy chest, but it was nowhere to be found. Lily started to feel gloomy and sad. Suddenly, her pillow spoke! Dont worry, Lily! Im right here! It turned out that her pillow had fallen behind her bed. Lily was so happy to hear her pillow speak to her. She hugged it tightly and went back to sleep with a big smile on her face. From then on, she always made sure to keep her pillow close by so it wouldnt get lost again.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play outside in his backyard. One day, Timmy saw that his fence was broken. He wanted to fix it, but he didnt know how. Suddenly, a big storm came and it rained a lot. The fence got wet and started to fall apart even more. Timmy was sad because he didnt want his fence to be destroyed. But then, Timmy had an idea. He asked his dad for help and they worked together to fix the fence. Timmy was so happy that his fence was no longer wet and destroyed. He could play outside without worrying about anything. The end.Lila and Tom are happy. They like to play with their toys and books. They have a big port in their room. It is a big box with a hole. They can go inside and pretend it is a ship or a house. One day, Lila has an idea. She finds a big cloth in the closet. She says to Tom, Lets wrap the port with this cloth. It will be a secret port. No one can see us inside. Tom likes the idea. He helps Lila wrap the port with the cloth. They tuck the ends under the box. They make sure there is a gap for the hole. They crawl inside the port. It is dark and cozy. They giggle and whisper. They tell each other stories and jokes. They play with their toys and books. They have fun in their secret port. Mom comes to check on them. She sees the wrapped port in their room. She smiles. She knows they are inside. She says, Lila, Tom, are you in there? Lila and Tom hear Mom. They say, Yes, Mom, we are in the port. It is our secret port. Do you want to come in? Mom says, Sure, I would love to come in. Can I fit in the hole? Lila and Tom say, Yes, Mom, you can fit in the hole. Come in, come in. Mom crawls in the hole. She joins Lila and Tom in the port. They hug and kiss. They are happy. They have a secret port.Once upon a time, there was a little girl who loved to go to the zoo. Her favorite place was the monkey house. The monkeys wore brown coats and rolled around on the ground. The little girl loved to watch them. She would drop treats into their house and laugh when they would catch them. They looked so happy with their brown coats. One day, the little girl went to the zoo and it was closed! She was sad but then saw a big box with goodies. The box had her favorite food for the monkeys! The little girl got so excited, she dropped the box at the door of the monkey house. The monkeys were so thankful that they danced around the little girl! She was so pleased that she had been able to help her favorite zoo friends. They were having so much fun and enjoying the snacks she had dropped for them. The little girl left the zoo feeling happy that she had made the monkeys so happy. She would never forget the brown coats and the fun times they shared at the zoo.Once upon a time there was a tidy little hut in the middle of a meadow. It was big enough for one little bear and it was just perfect for him. One day, the bear saw an orange and blue bird spread its wings and soar away. The little bear wanted to spread his wings like that, so he ran to the meadow and tried to do it. He flapped his arms and jumped but nothing worked. He got very frustrated and decided to go back to his hut. When he got back, he noticed something strange. His hut was surrounded by colorful rocks, flowers and twigs. He noticed that the birds had helped him spread some decorations around the hut! His hut suddenly became much brighter and much more inviting. The bear was so happy and thanked the birds for making his hut so tidy and beautiful. And thats how the little bears tidy hut spread its joy around the meadow!Once there was a kangaroo with a big mouth. He had done something wrong and he knew his friends wouldnt forgive him. He hung his head low and began to cry. One of his friends noticed what had happened and asked him what was wrong. He told her what he had done and asked if his friends would forgive him. His friends watched him sadly and then suddenly, something amazing happened. One of the kangaroos said, I forgive you, in the most impressive way. The kangaroo couldnt believe it. He was so relieved that his friends had forgiven him! He smiled for the first time in days and thanked them for understanding him.Once upon a time, there was a square. The square was very filthy. It did not like being filthy, so it wanted to move to a clean place. The square started to move. It moved very slow. As it moved, it saw other shapes. The shapes were not filthy. The square wanted to be like them. One day, the square met a circle. The circle was very clean. The circle saw the filthy square and wanted to help. The circle told the square to jump into the water. The square jumped into the water and became clean. Now, the square was happy and played with the circle and other shapes.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to go to the zoo with her mommy and daddy. One day, they went to see the pandas. Lily saw a big, black and white panda sleeping. She wanted to wake it up, so she pointed at it. The panda woke up and looked at Lily. It was not happy because it was spoiled and wanted to sleep more. Lily felt sad and said sorry to the panda. She learned that its important to be kind to animals and not to bother them when they are sleeping. From that day on, Lily always admired the pandas from a distance and never pointed at them again.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play outside in the sun. One day, he climbed up a big hill to see what was on the other side. But when he got to the top, he saw a big cliff that made him scared. Suddenly, he felt very hot and started to sweat. Timmy decided to go back down the hill, but as he was walking, he saw a magic potion on the ground. He picked it up and drank it. Suddenly, he started to shrink and became as small as a mouse! Now, the cliff didnt look so big and scary anymore. Timmy climbed up it and saw a beautiful view of the whole town. He felt happy and excited that he had discovered something new. From that day on, Timmy loved to explore and discover new things, even if they seemed scary at first.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy liked to take pictures with his camera. He took pictures of flowers, animals, and his family. One day, Timmy wanted to test his camera to see if it could take pictures in the dark. Timmy went outside at night and tried to take pictures. He couldnt see anything, so he used a flashlight to help him. But when he looked at the pictures, they were all black. Timmy felt foolish for thinking the camera could take pictures in the dark. Feeling sad, Timmy went back inside and went to bed. But during the night, he heard a loud noise outside. He looked out the window and saw a thief trying to steal his camera! Timmy ran outside to stop the thief, but the thief had a gun. Timmy was scared and didnt know what to do. The thief shot Timmy and took the camera. The end.One day, a green frog named Mark was playing near the pond. He liked to jump and stretch his long legs. He saw a big leaf and decided to jump on it. Ribbit, watch me stretch and jump, said Mark to his friend, a little bird. The bird watched as Mark stretched his legs and jumped high in the air. Mark landed on the big leaf, and it made a funny sound. The little bird laughed and said, That was a great jump, Mark! Lets play together. So, Mark and the little bird played all day, stretching and jumping from leaf to leaf. They had so much fun, and they were very happy.Sam and Tom are brothers. They like to play with toys. One day, they see a new toy shop. They run to the shop and look at the toys. They see cars, dolls, balls, and more. Look, Sam, a knife! Tom says. He points to a shiny knife on a shelf. It is sharp. I want it. No, Tom, you cant have it, Sam says. It is not a toy. It is dangerous. You can hurt yourself or someone else. But I like it. It is cool. And it is cheap. Only one coin, Tom says. He takes the knife and puts it in his pocket. He does not listen to Sam. Tom, give it back. Please. Mom and Dad will be angry, Sam says. He tries to take the knife from Toms pocket. But Tom pushes him away. Leave me alone. It is mine. Go away, Tom says. He runs out of the shop. Sam follows him. They run on the street. They do not see the cars. They do not hear the horns. They only see the knife. Tom trips on a stone. He falls on the ground. The knife in his pocket cuts him. He screams. He bleeds. He cries. Sam runs to him. He sees the blood. He sees the knife. He is scared. He is sorry. He calls for help. But it is too late. Tom is hurt. He is not moving. He is not breathing. He is gone. Sam is alone. He is sad. He is sorry. He wishes he could take it back. He wishes he could say sorry. He wishes he could hug Tom. But he cant. The knife is sharp. The pocket is small. The toy is cheap. The mistake is big. The end is bad.Once there was a little boy. He loved to play in the garden. One day he saw a tiny thing on the ground. It was so small he almost didnt see it. He carefully picked it up. As he held it in his hands he saw it was shrinking. He laughed and was excited. He wanted to know what it was. The little boy put the thing in his pocket and ran to his mom. He said, Mom, look what I have! What is it? She smiled and said, Thats a shrinky thing. Its special magic thats available for you to play with. The little boy was very excited that he had found something so special. He carefully took it out of his pocket and looked at it. It was getting smaller and smaller. He wanted to see what would happen if it got really small. He watched as the shrinky thing got smaller and smaller until it was a tiny speck. He couldnt believe his eyes! He was fascinated by the shrinky thing and wanted to play with it every day. So, mom put the shrinky thing in a slightly bigger container so that it wouldnt get lost. The little boy was so excited to play with the shrinky thing every day. He loved watching it get smaller and smaller. He was never bored with this special thing that was available for him!Once there was a little girl named Lucy. One day Lucy saw a leak under the kitchen sink. She wanted to peek inside and see what caused the leak. So she carefully opened the cabinet door and peeked inside. Suddenly, she saw a big bad monster! Lucy was scared and quickly shut the cabinet door. She ran to her Mom and said, There was a bad monster in the kitchen! Mom laughed and said, Oh, sweetie, thats not a monster. Thats just a leaky pipe. It doesnt look scary, just a little bit bad. Lucy was relieved and said, OK, Mom. I guess I dont have to be scared of leaks after all.Once upon a time there was a folder filled with nice things. The folder was happy and peaceful. But one day, a strong wind came and scattered all the things from the folder. It blew everything around the room. The folder was upset and started to look for the things that had been blown away. It searched high and low. Suddenly, the folder heard a special sound. It was the sound of laughter! The folder looked up and saw a group of children playing happily with all the things that had been blown away. The folder was happy again. It smiled and thought of how happy and peaceful it was to watch the children playing.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She liked to play outside with her friends. One day, they went on an adventure to find an oasis. An oasis is a place with lots of water and trees in the middle of a hot desert. On their way, they saw a disgusting bug on the ground. Lily said, Ew, that bug is so gross! Her friend replied, I know, its disgusting. When they finally found the oasis, they were so happy. They sat down and talked about how cool it was to find such a special place. They also talked about the bug they saw and how it was yucky. After resting for a while, they decided to go back home. Lily couldnt wait to tell her mom all about their adventure and the disgusting bug they saw.Hannah was very busy. She had so much to do that day that she was running late. As soon as she got outside, she noticed something strange. The gate leading out of her house was open and there seemed to be somebody inside. Whos there? she asked. Suddenly, the door slid open, and a strange little boy smiled at her. Hi Hannah! Im Ben, I just came to play! Do you wanna come too? he said. Hannah was surprised and a little suspicious, but she thought it would be fun. She said yes, and Ben and Hannah began to slide down the slide in the backyard. But as they slid, Hannah heard a loud creaking sound coming from the gate. She stopped and saw that the gate had broken and was now swinging open. Hannah was scared and started to cry. She looked around and saw something she hadnt seen before Ben had a sack of tools, and he had loosened the gate before they started to slide. Hannah was so mad, she knew that Ben had done something bad and that she was in trouble. She rushed inside to tell her parents, and soon the police came to take Ben away. Hannah had learned her lesson be careful who you let into your backyard!Once upon a time, there was a little boy who loved winter. He loved to play in the snow and build snowmen. One day, he found a shiny rock that he thought was a treasure. He shouted, Its mine! The little boy was so happy that he wanted to celebrate. He invited all his friends to come and play with him in the icy snow. They had lots of fun together and drank hot cocoa to warm up. At the end of the day, the little boy went to bed with his treasure under his pillow. He dreamed of all the fun he would have with his friends the next day. He was so excited to celebrate his happiness with them again.Anna and Ben are friends. They like to play at the gym. The gym has many things to do. They can run, jump, climb, swing, and slide. They have fun at the gym. One day, Anna and Ben go to the gym with their moms. They see a new thing at the gym. It is a big ball. It is soft and round. It is blue and yellow. Anna and Ben want to try the ball. They ask their moms if they can play with the ball. Their moms say yes, but they have to be careful. The ball is big and heavy. They have to share the ball and not push or hit each other. Anna and Ben go to the ball. They take turns to sit on the ball and bounce. They laugh and giggle. They roll the ball to each other and catch it. They have more fun with the ball. After a while, they feel tired. They stop playing with the ball. They go to their moms and drink some water. They sit on a mat and relax. They breathe slowly and close their eyes. Their moms smile and say, You did a good job, Anna and Ben. You played well with the ball. The ball is useful. It helps you exercise and relax. Do you like the ball? Anna and Ben nod and say, Yes, we like the ball. The ball is fun. Can we play with the ball again? Their moms say, Sure, you can play with the ball again. But now, it is time to go home. Say bye to the ball and the gym. We will come back another day. Anna and Ben say bye to the ball and the gym. They hug their moms and go home. They are happy and sleepy. They dream of the ball and the gym.Once upon a time, there was a young boy named Tim. He had a blue ball that he loved to play with. Tim would throw the ball up in the air and catch it. He was very happy when he played with his blue ball. One day, Tims friend, Sam, came to play. Sam wanted to play with the blue ball too. But Tim did not want to share his ball. Tim and Sam started to disagree about who could play with the blue ball. They argued and argued until they were very mad at each other. Tim and Sam did not want to be friends anymore. They both went home, feeling very sad. The blue ball was left all alone, and nobody played with it again.Lily and Max were playing with their toys in the yard. Lily had a doll and Max had a truck. Max liked to make loud noises with his truck and pretend it was driving on the grass. Lily liked to imagine that her doll was a princess and talk to her softly. Vroom, vroom, beep, beep! Max shouted, as he moved his truck closer to Lily and her doll. Move out of the way, princess! My truck is faster and stronger than you! Stop it, Max! Lily said, as she hugged her doll. You are being mean and ignorant. You dont know anything about princesses. They are kind and smart and beautiful. And they dont like noisy trucks! Ha, ha, ha! Max laughed, as he pushed his truck into Lily and her doll. You are silly and boring, Lily. You dont know anything about trucks. They are fun and powerful and cool. And they dont care about stupid dolls! Lily and Max started to argue and fight. They did not listen to each other or share their toys. They did not have fun or learn anything new. Mom heard the noise and came to the yard. She saw Lily and Max crying and angry. She saw the doll and the truck on the ground. She was not happy. What is going on here? Mom asked, as she picked up the doll and the truck. Why are you fighting over your toys? Why are you not playing nicely? Lily and Max tried to explain, but they only blamed each other. They said that the other one was ignorant and did not understand their toys. Mom shook her head and sighed. She sat down with Lily and Max and gave them back their toys. She looked at them with love and said Lily and Max, you are both wrong. You are not ignorant, but you are acting like it. You are not respecting each other or your toys. You are missing a chance to imagine and explore together. You can learn from each other and have more fun if you share your toys and your ideas. Do you understand? Lily and Max nodded and felt sorry. They said sorry to each other and hugged. They decided to try to play together and imagine new things. They asked Mom to join them and tell them stories about princesses and trucks. They smiled and laughed and had fun. They were not ignorant anymore.Once upon a time there was a chick called Henry. He lived in a nice cozy nest with his mummy and daddy. Every day Henry loved to fly high in the sky and soar very high above the clouds. One day, Henry decided to fly even higher and it got colder the higher he flew. He was so cold and the air was so bitter! He looked down and in the snow he saw a mitten. Henry flew lower to look at the mitten and realised it was lost on the ground. He thought about the small girl who had lost it in the snow, and he suddenly felt so sad. He decided he wanted to make the girl happy and flew back to the nest to tell mummy and daddy what he had seen. Mummy and daddy were so proud of Henry. They promised they would help him make the girl happy again by making a new mitten. Henry and his parents made a beautiful mitten and Henry flew it back up to the sky, so the little girl would find it. The little girl was very happy when she found the mitten, and hugged Henry. Henry had taught everyone an important lesson that day â that being kind and helping others makes everyone happier. He knew that even the littlest things can make someones day.Once there was a man who was worried. He had a very long rope. Every day, he would take the rope and keep it in his pocket. He took the rope everywhere he went. Even when he went to the park, he kept the rope with him. One day, the man was walking in the park with his rope. Suddenly, he tripped and dropped the rope. He was so worried about losing it that he couldnt move. But luckily, a kind boy saw what happened. He picked up the rope and gave it back to the man. The man smiled and thanked him. He was so relieved that he had kept his rope.Once upon a time, there was a funny penguin. He liked to play in the snow and eat ice cream with his friends. One day, the penguin was walking in the snow when he noticed something strange. The snow seemed to be melting! The penguin called out to his friends, Oh no! Something is happening to the snow! One of his friends replied, What do you mean? The snow is melting! the penguin replied. The other penguin said, Oh no! Thats not very fun! What should we do? The funny penguin thought for a moment, then said, Lets go find the North Pole and see if we can help stop the melting. So the two penguins began their journey to the North Pole. Along the way, they made more friends, and when they finally reached the North Pole, they worked together to stop the melting snow. Thanks to the team of penguins, the snow was saved! From that day on, they all enjoyed lots of fun in the snow. The End.Once upon a time, there was a little bunny. He was hopping around in the meadow, looking for something fun. He saw a big, shiny slide and hopped over to it. As he put his paw on it, he heard a soft voice say, âœBe careful! Iâm very fragile.â Startled, the little bunny jumped back and saw a butterfly on a flower near the slide. The bunny said, âœOh, Iâm sorry! I didnât mean to hurt you!â The butterfly replied, âœItâs okay. I just want you to be careful when you go down the slide. Itâs very fragile and I donât want it to break.â The bunny was very careful as he slid down the slide and then hopped around in the meadow. He made sure to be gentle with the slide and the butterfly. The bunny had a lot of fun exploring and playing in the meadow.Once upon a time, a boy named Timmy went to play in the garden. He saw a spade lying on the ground and picked it up. It was a charming spade, with a shiny silver handle and a sharp blade. Timmy held the spade tightly and started digging a hole. But then, Timmys little sister came to play with him. She wanted to hold the spade too, but Timmy didnt want to share. He held the spade even tighter and said, No, its mine! Suddenly, Timmy accidentally hit his sister with the spade. She cried and cried, and Timmy felt very bad. He learned that its not nice to hold things all to yourself and hurt others. From that day on, Timmy shared his toys and never held onto them too tightly.Once upon a time, there was a sweet little girl named Sam. She was three years old, and she loved animals very much. One day, she found a cute little puppy outside her house. It had a big red ribbon around its neck, and it felt so nice and cuddly in her arms. Sam knew this gift was meant for her, and she was so happy. She went inside with the puppy and talked to it, told it how much she loved it, and they became the best of friends. Every day, Sam and her puppy would play together. They would go for long walks and chase each other around the garden. Even when Sam was sad, the puppy would always make her feel better with its cute little face and soft fur. Sam and her puppy were best friends forever, and they would always be grateful for the wonderful gift they gave each other.Once there was a little boy named Billy. He wanted to be a soldier when he grew up. His mom told him he could, but first he had to sell something. Billy thought and thought, but he didnt know what to sell. Then he saw an old toy in his closet. It was weird shaped and painted yellow. Billy thought it was perfect to sell. So he took it outside and put it on the sidewalk. The sun was shining and soon some people stopped to look at Billys toy. They asked him how much it cost, and Billy said he didnt know. One nice lady offered to buy it for a dollar, and Billy was so excited. He ran inside to tell his mom that he sold the toy. She was so proud of him and gave him a big hug. From that day, Billy knew he could be a soldier. He just needed to be brave, like a soldier, and he could do anything.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his toys and run around outside. But one day, he lost his favorite toy car. He looked and looked, but he couldnt find it anywhere. Timmy started to worry that he would never find his toy car again. His mother saw that Timmy was worried and she tried to help him look for the toy car. But she couldnt find it either. Timmys mother told him not to worry and that they would keep looking for the toy car together. Timmy was still worried, but he knew his mother would help him find his toy car. He felt impatient and wanted to find it right away. But he remembered what his mother said and decided to be patient. Together, Timmy and his mother kept searching until they finally found the toy car under the couch. Timmy was so happy and gave his mother a big hug.Mandy had a cup with her name on it. It was a pale blue mug with pretty flowers. She loved it so much. One day, Mandys mom said Lets write your name on this mug, Mandy. Mandy was so excited. She grabbed a pen and wrote her very long name on the mug. Mandy looked at her mug. Mom, I love it! she yelled. Mandys mom chuckled. It looks great, Mandy, she said. Mandy grabbed her mug and hugged it tight. From then on, whenever she sipped her favorite drinks, she was proud to drink from her mug with her name written on it.Once upon a time there was a very hungry girl called Emily. She was walking in the park when she saw a tree with a very tasty mineral sitting on the top of it. She wanted to get the mineral so she could eat it for dinner. Emily spotted a bow tucked behind a bush. She picked it up and worked out how to use it. She notched an arrow into the bow and took aim at the tree. She pulled back the bowstring until it was tight, and then let go! The arrow flew straight and true, hitting the tree and knocking down the tasty mineral. Emily smiled. She had scored a hit! Emily clambered up the tree trunk and reached for the mineral. She took a bite, and it was the most delicious mineral she had ever tasted. It was so tasty that she did not want to stop eating it. She ate the whole mineral and belched with satisfaction!Once upon a time, there was a family who went to a festival. They were so excited to be out together, and they had so much fun. They went in the car and when they arrived, they saw lots of happy people. Everyone was smiling and laughing. They found a place to seat and they sat down together. It was so peaceful and the atmosphere was harmless. The family ate some food and watched a show. The sun was out and they were having so much fun. At the end of the festival, they all exchanged hugs and said goodbye. They had such a great day at the festival!Once there was a small mouse. He lived in a house with his family. He was very excited one day to see that his family was getting ready to go on an adventure. They piled into the car and drove to the park. The mouse was so happy to see the trees and the birds chirping. He wanted to explore and had so much fun! Then it started to rain. Everyone had to hurry to find shelter. The mouse found a small space between two big trees that had a cord in it. He ran over and got under it. The cord was old and dirty. The mouse was so cold and wet but it was better than getting even wetter. The rain stopped and everyone got back in the car and left. The mouse stayed and partied. He had a wonderful time playing and exploring. When he was ready, he bid farewell to the cord and went home with his family. He was happy and tired from a great day in the park.Once upon a time, there was a polite bear who lived in the woods. One day, the bear decided to invite some of his friends for a special picnic. He said he would meet them by the stream. When the bear arrived at the stream, all his friends were already there. They had brought lots of delicious food and drinks for the picnic. The bear was very happy to see his friends and thanked them for coming. They had a wonderful time at the picnic, chatting and playing games, while the stream quietly babbled away in the background. At the end of the picnic, the bear thanked everyone for being so polite and enjoy the day together. Then, they said goodbye and went home. The bear was already looking forward to inviting his friends to his next picnic.Once upon a time, there was a very wise old man who lived by himself in the woods. He was very wise and knew many things. One day, he was walking around his house, looking for something to do. Suddenly, he heard a tap, tap, tap. He followed the noise to the back of his house where he saw a small furry creature with a shovel. The creature was trying to bury something in the ground. The wise old man asked him, What are you burying? The creature replied, Im burying a treasure. I hope it will be safe here. The old man chuckled. He said, Im wise and I can tell you that buried treasures dont bring any luck. Youll be better off keeping it with you. The creature thanked the old man for his advice and quickly picked up the treasure and headed off into the woods. The old man was happy and smiled as he watched the little creature boot away. He was glad to have been able to help.Ben woke up one morning, ready to start his day. He hopped in the elevator and got to the top of the building. He could taste the fresh air in the morning. When Ben arrived at the top of the building, he saw his best friend, Andy. Andy was always very honest, and Ben knew he could trust him. Good morning, Andy! Ben said excitedly. Hey Ben! Andy replied. Im so hungry. Do you want to go get some breakfast? Ben smiled and said, Yes, lets go! The two of them went to the cafÃ and chose the tastiest breakfast they could find. They were so excited to start their day with a honest breakfast. Andy smiled and said, This is going to be a great day! And Ben agreed.Mother had some money, and so she went to the store to buy something nice. She looked around and saw lots of things she wanted. But eventually, she chose a new toy. The toy made lots of noise, and mother said she was sorry to the other people in the store, who were trying to keep it quiet. So she wrapped up the toy and took it home. When mother got home, it was time for dinner. But, before she ate, she gave the toy to her little daughter. The toddler was so excited and she hugged the toy tightly. Mother smiled, happy to see her daughter having so much fun with the new toy. She was glad that she had bought it. That night, she tucked her little daughter into bed with her new toy. It was nice and quiet, and soon the little girl was fast asleep in her bed with her toy by her side.Once upon a time there was a stubborn little boy. He wanted to explore the world but his parents said no. One day, he heard a strange noise coming from outside. He wanted to go and see what it was, but he was scared and started to tremble. His mama saw him. She asked him what was wrong. He looked at her and said he wanted to go outside. She said no but he was too curious. He went out of the house and saw a huge airplane flying in the sky. He was so amazed and forgot to be scared. The airplane was from a faraway country. For a moment he forgot that the world was so big. He was so excited that he forgot to be stubborn and followed his parents back into the house.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to wear her pink vest when she went outside to play. One day, Lilys mom told her that she had to stay inside because it was raining outside. Lily was sad because she wanted to play with her friends. Suddenly, there was a knock on the door. Lilys friend, Tommy, was standing outside with a big smile on his face. Hi Lily, do you want to come over to my house and play? he asked. Lily was so happy that she forgot about the rain and put on her vest. When they got to Tommys house, they decided to play with his toy cars. But one of the cars was spoiled and wouldnt move. Tommy tried to fix it, but he couldnt. Lets play something else, said Lily. I know, lets rock back and forth on the rocking chair! They had so much fun that they forgot about the rain and played until it stopped. From that day on, Lily and Tommy were the best of friends.Once upon a time, there was a tight room filled with excited kids. Suddenly, a man with a trumpet entered. He was tall and smiled at everyone. The man said, Today Im going to show everybody how to play this magical instrument. Its called a trumpet. Does anyone want to give it a try? All of the kids raised their hands. The man chose one of the kids, a three year old girl. She was really excited. With the help of the man, she put the trumpet up to her lips and tried to make a sound. After a few tries, the girl made a beautiful sound. Everyone clapped and cheered. The girl was so proud and she smiled big. The man said, With a little practice, you can really make this trumpet sing! The girl was determined to practice and she kept the trumpet close. The man winked at her and said, I just know that one day well hear your beautiful trumpet playing all around town! The girl smiled and nodded. She was excited about the possibilities that could be in store.Once upon a time there was a bear named Bob. He was very excited to hear about a van that was coming to his home. He rushed to his window and saw the big van driving up his driveway. He heard a sound and realized it was coming from the van. When the van stopped, Bob quickly went outside to see what was inside. When the doors opened, Bob saw a surprise! Inside the van were lots of balloons in all different colors! He was so excited he started bouncing. His mom and dad came outside too and laughed at Bobs happiness. They played with the balloons for a long time. After a while, Bob heard a sound of an engine. He quickly got up and looked outside. The van was driving away. Bob waved as the van drove off, hoping it would come back someday soon. His mom and dad said goodbye and Bob went back inside, still excited about the colorful van.One day, a small town was filled with joy. There was a very special event happening. Everyone gathered in the town square and watched as a beautiful lady stepped out of a carriage wearing a long white dress. She kneeled down to the ground, with a kind look in her eyes. The people in the town had no idea why she was kneeling, so they waited in silence. Suddenly, the sky grew dark and a voice boomed from the heavens. It said that the lady had come to bless the town and asked everyone to kneel too. The people all obeyed and kneeled to the ground. When the voice stopped speaking, it was suddenly very bright outside again. Everyone got up and exchanged happy smiles, thrilled that they had been blessed. The lady said goodbye, waved to everyone and hopped back in the carriage. The people of the small town felt special, grateful for the amazing blessing that had been bestowed upon them. They talked amongst themselves and always remembered the special day when they all kneeled together.Ben and Mia were playing in the park with their bikes. They liked to ride fast and make noises. They saw a big hill and wanted to go down it. Lets race! Ben said. I bet I can go faster than you! OK! Mia said. But be careful. There is a cable at the bottom of the hill. It is for the lights. We have to stop before we hit it. They got ready and started to pedal. They went down the hill very fast. They felt the wind in their hair and the sun on their faces. They laughed and shouted. But Ben did not listen to Mia. He wanted to win. He did not look at the cable. He did not stop. He hit the cable with his bike. He fell off and hurt his leg. He started to scream. Mia stopped and ran to him. She saw the blood on his leg. She felt sorry for him. She said, Ben, why did you not stop? I told you about the cable. You were not wise. You were silly. Now you are hurt. Ben cried and said, Im sorry, Mia. I wanted to win. I did not think. You were wise. You were careful. Can you help me? Mia nodded and said, Yes, I can help you. But first, we have to call Mom. She will know what to do. She will take you to the doctor. He will make your leg better. She took out her phone and called Mom. She told her what happened. Mom said she would come right away. She told them to stay where they were and not to move. Mia hugged Ben and said, Dont worry, Ben. It will be OK. Mom is coming. She will help you. And I will stay with you. You are my brother. I love you. Ben smiled and said, Thank you, Mia. You are my sister. I love you too.Once upon a time there were two friends called Bob and Lucy. They went out on a sunny day to find something fun to do. So they decided to go to the park. When they arrived, they saw lots of things they could do, like swing on the swing and roll down the slide. But Bob saw a rake and thought it would be fun to try it out. Lets try it! said Bob. He took the rake and Lucy held it. Then Bob tasted the handle. It was an ordinary taste, but Bob tasted it anyway. That doesnt taste good! said Bob. Lucy shook her head and said, Bob, you shouldnt taste things that youre not sure about. But it was too late. Bob had already tasted it. Then he was feeling very sick. The moral of this story is to never taste things you are not sure about. Just because something looks ordinary doesnt mean that it is safe.Once there was a girl who liked to take the subway. Every day she would use the regular subway. Every morning she would hop on the subway and go downtown. She would take the regular subway the whole way there. One day, something special happened! Instead of taking the regular subway, she took a special one. It was called the express subway. On the express subway, she went much faster than she went on the regular one. When she got downtown, she was very excited. She was happy that she had gotten there so quickly using the express subway. From then on, she usually took the express subway. But every now and then, she would use the regular subway, so she could go at her own pace.Once upon a time, there was a little boy. He was so excited to go and play in the park. He had a new toy and he wanted to show his friends. As he walked, he saw a big lake. He wanted to row his toy across the lake. He tried and tried but he was just too little. He kept dropping the oars. He got so frustrated he started to cry. His mum saw him struggling and said Dont worry, I can help! She helped him row to the other side of the lake. He was so proud of himself, he had worked so hard! He showed all his friends his toy. They were so impressed and they all decided to go and row together. It was such a fun day. The little boy learned that with a bit of hard work, he can do anything!Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lisa. Lisa wanted to be strong, so she started to do exercise. First, she did some light running around the yard. Then, she did some jumping jacks. Next, she did a few push ups. By the end, Lisa was out of breath. But she felt very good, because she knew she was getting stronger. Then, it started to rain. So Lisa stopped her exercise and went inside. The next day, Lisa decided to start her exercise again. She was proud when she finished the routine. She felt strong and happy.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Katy. She loved to explore the world around her. One day, while out walking on the street, Katy saw something she had never seen before. A sign! She was so curious that she wanted to go read it. But the sign was very high up, too high for Katy to reach. She felt helpless. Just then, a kind old man approached her. Do you need help?, he asked. Katy smiled and nodded, and he helped her read the sign. It said Welcome to Katys street! Katy was so happy! The old man and Katy hugged each other, and from that day on Katy knew she could always find help when she needed it.Once upon a time, there was a man named Mr. Mustache. He had a big, bushy mustache that made him look very silly. One day, he went on a trip to a faraway place that was very distant. He wanted to teach the people there about his mustache. When he arrived, the people were very curious about his mustache. They had never seen anything like it before! Mr. Mustache was happy to teach them all about how he took care of it and how it made him feel special. The people were amazed and wanted to grow their own mustaches just like his. After spending some time in the distant place, Mr. Mustache had made many new friends. They all had big, bushy mustaches too! He was happy to have taught them something new and to have made so many new friends. And with that, he said goodbye and headed back home, feeling proud of his mustache and the new friends he had made.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to eat her cereal with a spoon every morning. One day, she woke up and saw that her spoon was missing. She looked all over her kitchen, but she couldnt find it anywhere. Lilys mom told her that maybe the spoon was hiding in the fridge because it was feeling cold. Lily didnt believe her, but she checked anyway. And there it was! The spoon was hiding behind the milk carton. Lily was so happy to have found her spoon that she waved it around in the air. From then on, she made sure to always check the fridge before she ate her cereal.Once upon a time, there was a kind and compassionate girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the sun. One day, she saw a small bird with a hurt wing. Lily wanted to help the bird, so she went to search for something to make it feel better. Lily looked everywhere for something to help the bird. She looked under rocks, behind trees, and in the tall grass. Then, she found a soft bush with pretty flowers. Lily thought that the flowers could make the bird happy and help it feel better. Lily carefully picked some of the flowers from the bush and brought them to the bird. The bird looked at the flowers and seemed to smile. It ate a little bit of the flower and started to feel better. The birds wing was not hurt anymore, and it could fly again. The bird flew up in the sky and sang a happy song. Lily knew that her search was worth it, and she felt happy that she could help her new friend.Once upon a time, there lived a cute little dog named Tia. She was always looking for something fun to do. One day, she had a great idea. Tia found an old ashtray and decided to fill it with water and make a mini swimming pool for herself. She filled it with cold water from a hose in her backyard and then put some of her favorite toys inside it. Tia was so excited to be able to take a dip in her very own mini pool. She wagged her tail and barked with joy. Tia spent all afternoon and evening playing in her pool. She swam and played fetch with her toys. She was so happy that she went to bed that night with a big smile on her face. The next day, Tia filled the ashtray with sunflower seeds and threw them all around her backyard. She watched the birds come and eat them with a huge grin on her face. Tia was so excited to have discovered that an ashtray made a great little swimming pool and a great bird feeder too. She was so proud of herself for finding such a cute and fun way to enjoy her day.Once upon a time there was a brave girl. Her name was Melinda and she was very persistent. Melinda had a special velvet cape and she liked to wear it when she needed courage. One day, Melinda wanted to join a game that the other children were playing. She took off her cape and ran to join them, but the children said no. They did not want her to play. Melinda felt sad but she was still persistent. She asked them again to let her join the game, but the children said no. Then, suddenly, Melinda remembered her velvet cape. She put it on and ran back to the game. She was so brave and determined that the other kids were surprised. They let her join and Melinda had the most fun ever!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in her garden. She liked to make mud pies and pick pretty flowers. One day, Lilys garden was very slow. The flowers were not growing and the mud was not soft. Lily was sad because she loved her garden very much. She asked her mommy what was wrong. Mommy said that the garden needed more water and sunshine. So, Lily got a big watering can and poured lots of water on her garden. She also asked the sun to come out and shine on her garden. After a few days, Lilys garden was no longer slow. The flowers were bigger and prettier than ever before. Lily was happy again and she continued to make mud pies and pick pretty flowers in her beautiful garden. The end.Tom and Anna are friends. They go to the same school. They have an exam tomorrow. The exam is about shiny things. They have to know the names of shiny things and how to polish them. Tom is wealthy. He has many shiny things at home. He has a big car, a silver watch, a gold ring, and a shiny trophy. He polishes them every day with a soft cloth. He thinks he will do well on the exam. Anna is not wealthy. She has few shiny things at home. She has a small bike, a copper coin, a brass button, and a glass bead. She polishes them sometimes with a rag. She is not sure if she will do well on the exam. Can I come to your house and study with you? Anna asks Tom. Sure, you can come, Tom says. But you have to bring your own shiny things. I dont want you to touch mine. They are very precious. Anna feels sad. She thinks Tom is not a good friend. She thinks he is selfish and greedy. She decides to study by herself. She reads her book and looks at the pictures of shiny things. She learns their names and how to polish them. The next day, they take the exam. The teacher gives them a paper with questions and a box with shiny things. They have to write the names of the shiny things and polish them with a cloth. Tom is confident. He knows all the names of the shiny things. He polishes them quickly and neatly. He thinks he will get a good grade. Anna is nervous. She does not know all the names of the shiny things. She polishes them slowly and carefully. She thinks she will get a bad grade. When the teacher collects the papers and the boxes, she smiles at Anna. She says, You did a very good job, Anna. You polished the shiny things very well. You made them sparkle and glow. You have a good eye and a gentle hand. You get a high grade. She frowns at Tom. She says, You did a poor job, Tom. You polished the shiny things very badly. You made them dull and dirty. You have a bad eye and a rough hand. You get a low grade. Anna is happy. She thinks she did better than she expected. She thinks she learned something new and useful. Tom is angry. He thinks he did worse than he deserved. He thinks he knew everything and wasted his time. Anna and Tom are friends. But they are not the same. They have different things, different skills, and different attitudes. They have to learn from each other and respect each other.once there was a boy. he was only three. he liked to blink and look around. one day he looked out the window and saw something blue far away. it was so beautiful he wanted to go see it. so he put on his shoes and left his home. he walked and he walked until finally he reached the blue thing. it was a big blue balloon! he was so excited he started to jump and laugh. he wanted to take it home with him. so he grabbed it with both hands and walked back home. when he arrived he held up the balloon for everyone to see. he was so happy to have this beautiful blue balloon at home.Sam was a guard. He was different from other guards. He wanted to do something special. He looked around and then he had an idea. Sam decided to lie down. He lay very still and pretended to be asleep. Everyone was surprised. They asked What are you doing? Sam just smiled. Soon a little bird came to Sam. It wanted to find a safe place to rest. Sam said You can stay here. I am the guard. The bird felt happy and safe. Others guards were still surprised. They asked Why are you different? Sam said Sometimes you have to do something different to make the world a better place. Everyone smiled and agreed. Sam continued to lie there, guarding the little bird. And he stayed like that all day.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the rain. One day, her mom gave her a clear umbrella to keep her dry. Lily went outside and saw her friend Jack. Jack saw her umbrella and said, I want to play with your umbrella! but he was teasing her. Lily didnt like that and said, No, my umbrella is mine! Jack felt bad for teasing her and said, Im sorry, Lily. Can we share your umbrella? Lily smiled and said, Yes, we can share my umbrella! So they played outside in the rain together, under the clear umbrella.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Mia. She loved to dance. Mia danced in the morning, in the afternoon, and at night. Dancing made her happy. One day, Mia had a test at school. She was scared. But her mom told her, Be honest and do your best. So Mia went to school with a smile. Mia took the test and did her best. When she got home, she danced with joy. She was happy because she was honest and tried her best.Sara did not like broccoli. She thought it was green and yucky. She did not want to eat it for dinner. She pushed it away with her fork. Please, Sara, try some broccoli. It is good for you, her mom said. She urged Sara to eat some. She put a small piece on her plate. Sara shook her head. She made a face. She said, No, thank you. I want pasta. Her mom sighed. She said, You can have pasta after you eat some broccoli. Just one bite, okay? Sara looked at the broccoli. She did not want to make her mom sad. She was a good girl. She picked up the piece with her fingers. She was careful not to drop it. She put it in her mouth. She chewed it slowly. She was surprised. It was not so bad. It was a little crunchy and a little sweet. She swallowed it. She smiled at her mom. See, it is not yucky. Do you want some more? her mom asked. Sara nodded. She said, Yes, please. I like broccoli. Her mom was happy. She gave her some more broccoli and some pasta. She said, I am proud of you, Sara. You are a brave girl. Sara felt good. She ate her dinner. She liked broccoli. She was glad she tried it.Once upon a time there was a big strong bear. He was brave and liked to dare other animals to do silly things. One day he dared a rabbit to jump into a big pond in the middle of spring. The rabbit was so scared and kept saying, No! No! But the bear kept saying, Go ahead and jump, dont be scared! Finally the rabbit decided to be brave and took a big jump. He jumped high and far, into the pond. When he got out of the pond he was really wet and cold. The bear said, Now do you see why I dared you? It isnt so bad, is it? The rabbit agreed, and then the bear said, Now if you do something even more daring Ill give you something special. The rabbit thought for a moment, and then said, Dare me to go into the expensive store and get something from it? The bear said, Ok, that is daring! Go get something special for yourself if you can. The rabbit hopped off and went to the expensive store. He got something special, and the bear was so proud of him. He gave the rabbit a special reward, and from then on the rabbit was not scared to dare himself to do new things.Once upon a time, there was a bald dad and his beautiful daughter. Everyday, they went on walks together. One day, the dad told his daughter that if he closed his eyes and wished, he would receive a special surprise. The daughter was excited and joined her dad with her eyes closed. Breathlessly, the dad asked, What do you wish for? The daughter smiled and replied, A puppy! The dad smiled and opened his eyes, and when he looked down, there was indeed a puppy coming up to the daughter. You can receive your puppy now, the dad said. The daughter and the puppy hugged each other and the dad was delighted. From then on, they went on their morning walks together as a happy bald dad, a beautiful daughter and a playful pup.One day, a little boy was playing outside. He was feeling warm and cozy in his new socks. He wanted to touch them and feel how soft they were. He bent down, slowly reached out his little hand, and touched the sock. Suddenly, his hand felt a prickly sensation and he pulled it away quickly. He looked down and saw the ground was covered in prickly thorns. The sock had caught on one of the thorns. He tugged and tugged, but the sock wouldnt come off. He started to cry and scream. His mom came running to help him and carefully pulled the sock off the thorn. Unfortunately, the sock was ruined and now has a big hole in it. The little boy was very sad that his warm and cozy sock was ruined.Lily and Ben like to play with bubbles. They have a big bottle of bubble soap and a wand. They blow bubbles in the park and watch them fly in the air. They try to catch them and pop them. One day, a huge dog comes to the park. He sees the bubbles and thinks they are balls. He runs after them and tries to bite them. He barks and jumps and scares Lily and Ben. He pops all the bubbles with his teeth and tongue. Lily and Ben are sad and angry. They want to play with bubbles, not with the dog. They tell the dog to go away, but he does not listen. He wants more bubbles. He knocks over the bottle of bubble soap and spills it on the grass. He licks the soap and makes a funny face. Lily and Ben see the soap on the grass. They have an idea. They pick up some soap with their hands and throw it at the dog. The soap makes more bubbles in the air. The dog is surprised and confused. He tries to catch the soap bubbles, but they scatter and fly away. He runs around and around, but he cannot catch them. Lily and Ben laugh and clap. They have fun throwing soap bubbles at the dog. The dog has fun chasing the soap bubbles. He stops barking and jumping and scaring them. He wags his tail and licks their faces. He is a friendly dog. He just likes to play. Lily and Ben make friends with the dog. They share their bubble soap and wand with him. They blow bubbles together and have a happy day.One day, a boy saw a purple bird outside. The boy was excited, so he wanted to dive closer. He walked outside and found a twig on the ground. He picked up the twig and flew it in the air. The purple bird saw the twig and started to dive up and down around it. The boy was laughing so much that he was rolling around on the ground. The bird flew away and the boy was sad, but he still had the twig in his hands. He ran back inside his house and kept the twig as a special reminder.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Jane. Jane was three years old and she loved the water. One day, Janes mom gave her a raft. The raft was big and fit Jane just right. Jane hopped on the raft and went for a ride. The water was cool and Jane loved it! She waved to some ducks and madenew friends. After a while, Jane was getting tired. She hopped off the raft and dragged it back to shore. Jane was happy because her raft was fit and snug. She thanked her mom and hugged her raft tight. The End.Ricky was in his classroom and it was time for naptime. Everyone was supposed to freeze and be quiet. Ricky did not want to freeze, he wanted to move and make noise. Suddenly, Ricky had an idea. He thought if he froze really still like a statue, he would be able to move without anyone noticing. He held his breath and became as still as he could, not even blinking his eyes. Slowly, Ricky began to move his feet and creep around the classroom on tip toe. He shuffled his feet across the light blue carpet and passed by the desks and chairs, careful not to make a sound. Ricky was so thrilled that he was able to move without anyone noticing. He couldnt help but giggle and smile as he continued his sneaking around the classroom. Eventually, he decided it was time to freeze again and sneak back to his desk. Even though he had to rest after naptime, he felt like a secret spy!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily who loved to play outside. One day, she saw a cactus in her backyard. It had lots of prickly needles on it. Lily was curious about it, but her mom warned her not to touch it. Later that day, Lilys little brother started to misbehave. He was throwing his toys and making a big mess. Lilys mom told him to calm down and behave. She reminded him that if he didnt behave, he wouldnt be able to go outside and play with Lily. The next day, Lily and her brother went outside to play. They saw the cactus again, but this time they remembered to be careful and not touch it. They played together and had so much fun. Lilys brother behaved and didnt make a mess. They were both happy and calm. The end.Once upon a time, there was a man and a lady who liked each other very much. They wanted to be together forever, so they decided to marry. On the day of their wedding, the lady brought a drum. She said it was a present for the man. It was the most brilliant drum that anyone had ever seen! It shone in a bright yellow colour and had a beautiful pattern on it. The man and the lady were so happy that they hugged and kissed each other. Then the man played a song on the drum. It was the best song anyone had ever heard. They danced together to the song and laughed and smiled so much that it made everyone else happy too. The man and the lady had a brilliant day when they married. They were together forever, and it was all thanks to the wonderful drum!Sara was very upset. She had just received her first lecture from her teacher. She didnt understand why she was scolded for talking in class. Saras mom came to pick her up from school. What happened today, hon? she asked. Sara said, I talked in class, and my teacher said I have to pay. Mom replied, Im sorry you got a lecture. But, if your teacher said you need to pay, its important that you do it. Sara nodded. She knew Mom was right. Ok, Mom, she answered. Good, Mom said as she hugged Sara. Lets go home and talk more about it. Together they went home and discussed why its important to follow the rules at school. In the end, Sara was no longer upset. She had learned her lesson and knew what to do next time.Once upon a time there was a little boy named Jack. Jack was very happy and he liked to help his mom and dad. One day Jack saw a very special season. It was called spring and everything was so colourful. There were flowers growing in the garden and the birds were singing. Jack wanted to help. He found a fence and he helped to mend it. He helped to pick up the leaves and he helped to plant some new flowers in the garden. The air was warm and Jack was getting sleepy. He went to bed and had a long, deep sleep. When Jack woke up he decided to help one more time. He went to the garden with his mom and they planted some new seeds. They said they would grow soon and it would make the garden even more colourful. Jack was so proud when he saw their work. It was such a nice feeling to help in the garden. He felt so happy and it was a very special spring for him.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Jack. She was only three years old. Jack was curious and she wanted to understand the world around her. One day, Jack noticed something that made her very excited. It was a cool hat! She had never seen one before and she wanted to learn more about it. Jack asked her mom a lot of questions about the hat. Her mom explained that the hat was like a hat you would wear at the beach, or when it was really sunny out. Jack kept nodding her head, and she seemed to understand. To show that she understood, Jack wanted to wear the hat like her mom taught her. She put it on her head and strutted around the house. Jack was so proud because she felt cool wearing the hat. Jack learned that day that you can learn new things and understand them too.Once upon a time, there was a big bus. It was huge! The bus was very dirty and needed to be clean. The driver got a big hose and started to clean the bus. The water sprayed all over the bus and made it clean. The bus was now shiny and looked new again.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his toy jeep. His jeep was brown and had big wheels. One day, Timmy went outside to play with his jeep. He drove it around in the dirt and had so much fun. Suddenly, Timmy saw a bird in the sky. He stopped playing with his jeep and gazed up at the bird. Wow, look at the bird! Timmy said to his mom who was watching him play. Its flying so high! Timmys mom smiled and said, Yes, its a beautiful bird. But dont forget about your jeep. Its fun to play with too. Timmy nodded and continued to drive his jeep around, but he couldnt stop thinking about the bird he had just seen.Once upon a time there was a mighty grill. It was sitting in a big park, all by itself. One day a little boy came to the park. He saw the grill and wondered what it was. He got near to it and noticed that it was very hot. He also noticed that something was cooking on it. The little boy was so curious about the grill. He asked his mom what it was and she told him that it was called a grill. Soon the boy was running around the park with a big smile on his face. He wanted to use the mighty grill but his mom said that he was too small. The boy was a bit sad but he knew his mom was right. He sat down and looked at the grill for a while. He was amazed by its mightiness and he felt like he could do anything. He was happy knowing he had seen the mighty grill.Once upon a time, there was a tiny planet. This beautiful planet was very small and it was home to a magical creature. The creature was very friendly and always said hello to everyone. One day, the creature decided to take a walk around its planet. As the creature was walking around, he noticed something very interesting in the distance. A large spaceship was flying above the planet. Amazed, the creature shouted up to the spaceship, What are you doing here? The voice from the spaceship replied, We are here to study your planet. Do you permit us to stay? The creature thought about it for a moment and replied, Yes, I permit you to stay and explore my planet. Please be gentle and do not harm my planet. The spaceship gave the creature a warm thank you and the exploration began. The creature watched the spaceship fly around the beautiful planet and had the best day.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved candy very much. One day, she went to the store with her mom and saw a big display of candy. It was so colorful and pretty! Lily wanted to buy all the candy, but her mom told her to only pick one. She chose a lollipop and was very happy. When they got home, Lily put the lollipop in her backpack. She knew it would be very useful later when she needed a sweet treat. Every time Lily saw her lollipop, she smiled and felt very happy. It was the best candy she ever had, and she loved displaying it on her desk.Mira and Sam were playing with their blocks in the living room. They liked to build towers and bridges and castles with the colorful blocks. They were having fun and making a lot of noise. Mom was in the kitchen, making lunch. She was happy to see her children playing, but she also needed some quiet time to finish her work. She had a modest job as a writer, and she had to send an article to her boss today. She asked Mira and Sam to play more softly, so they would not disturb her. Mira and Sam tried to be quiet, but they still wanted to play. They whispered to each other and moved their blocks gently. But then, Sam had an idea. He wanted to make the biggest tower ever. He stacked more and more blocks on top of each other, until the tower reached the ceiling. He was very proud of his tower, and he wanted to show it to Mira. Look, Mira, look at my tower! he said loudly. Mira looked up and gasped. She saw the tower, but she also saw something else. She saw a big crack on the ceiling, right above the tower. The crack was getting bigger and bigger, and pieces of plaster were falling down. Sam, Sam, look at the crack! she shouted. Sam looked up and screamed. He saw the crack, and he saw the tower. He knew he had made a mistake. He had put too much weight on the ceiling, and he had disturbed it. He wanted to run away, but it was too late. The ceiling collapsed, and the tower fell down. The blocks flew everywhere, and the dust filled the air. Mom heard the noise and ran to the living room. She saw the mess and the children. She was shocked and angry. She grabbed Mira and Sam and hugged them. She was glad they were not hurt, but she was also very upset. What have you done? she asked. Why did you disturb the ceiling? Why did you make such a big crack? Mira and Sam looked at each other and then at Mom. They felt sorry and scared. They did not mean to cause trouble. They only wanted to play. We are sorry, Mom, they said. We did not know. We were just playing. Mom sighed and shook her head. She knew they were sorry, but she also knew they had to learn. She decided to forgive them, but she also decided to teach them. She told them to help her clean up the mess, and to be more careful next time. She told them to respect the house, and to be modest with their blocks. She told them to love each other, and to not disturb each other. Mira and Sam nodded and hugged Mom. They said they loved her, and they thanked her. They helped her clean up the mess, and they learned their lesson. They still played with their blocks, but they played more softly and more modestly. They did not disturb the ceiling, or the crack, or Mom. They were happy and good children.Once there was a big bear called Frank. He was the toughest bear in the woods. One day, Frank had a big nap in a pile of leaves. When he woke up, Frank noticed something strange. He soon realized that he had shrunk to only one inch tall! He tried to become big again, but all his attempts failed. Frank looked up and saw a giant, who was amazed by the tiny bear. Frank was scared, but he spoke in a brave voice Please help me! I need to get back to my normal size. The giant smiled, and said Dont worry, I have an idea. He lifted his giant hand and put Frank on one of his fingers. He then blew a special magic breath on Frank. Slowly, Frank began to grow and grow back to his normal size. When he was big enough, the giant said You are a tough bear, Frank! Frank thanked the giant for his help, and promised that he would never forget this adventure.Once there was a honest little girl. She was only 3 years old. She had an olive tree in her garden. Every day she would kneel in front of it and talk to it. She would tell her tree all her secrets. She thought it was her special friend. The tree was always so quiet and good to her. It never told her secrets to anyone. The little girl was so happy. One day, the girl was walking around the garden and she stopped in front of her tree. She kneeled down and hugged it tightly. She whispered that she was so happy for such a honest tree like it. She thanked the tree for listening to her secrets. The little girl and her tree stayed like this for a long time. They were the best of friends forever.Once there was a happy boy named Jimmy. He was three years old. Every day his mom allowed him to play with his toys. One day he saw a box of tape. He asked his mom if he could use it. She said yes and allowed him to use it. Jimmy was so excited. He used the tape to build things with his toys. He built a boat and a castle. He loved making new things with the tape. Jimmys Mom was so proud of him. She always videotaped him while he played. She always said he was a very normal boy and madeher very happy. Jimmy and his mom had so much fun together. And it was all because she allowed him to use the tape.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. Lily was very happy. She had a huge bag of clay that she could make into whatever she wanted! One day, Lily wanted to turn the clay into a car. She got an old box and put the clay in it. Then she rolled the clay with her hands and made it thin. She cut out some circles and squares and then formed them into a car shape. The car looked really cool! Lily was so happy. She took the car outside and put it on the ground. She got a stick and began to turn the clay car around and around. It spun around very fast! Lily kept turning her car around until she was all tired out. She was so happy with what she had made. She took the car to show her friends and they all played with it. What a fun adventure!Jimmy was so excited to see the blue carpet. He made a big smile and clapped his hands. Wow, look at the carpet! he exclaimed. His mom said, Yes, isnt it beautiful? Jimmy couldnt stop smiling. He felt so happy. He wanted to jump and play on the carpet. But when he tried to jump, he slipped and fell. His moms face went sad. Oh no, the carpet is ruined, she said with a sigh. Jimmy felt sad too. He tried to be brave and wiped away his tears. But deep inside, he felt very sad that his exciting time with the blue carpet was over.Once upon a time, there was a nice house. In the house, there was a pretty bedroom. The bedroom had a big bed, a cute chair, and a small table. The bedroom looked very good. One day, a little cat came into the bedroom. The cat was very cute and liked the bedroom a lot. The cat saw a soft toy on the bed and started to play with it. While playing, the cat started to sneeze. The sneezes were very loud. The cat sneezed and sneezed, making the bedroom messy. The cat felt bad about making the pretty bedroom messy. So, the cat cleaned the bedroom and made it look good again. The cat was happy and continued to play without sneezing.Once there was a family having a fun afternoon in the park. They spread out a blanket on the grass, opened a special bag, and made some popcorn with their hands. The littlest one was a threeyearold girl named May, who was wearing a pretty gray dress. She was so excited to see the popcorn and kept asking, âœWhatâs that?â âœItâs popcorn, May!â said the mother. âœItâs little bits of corn that we make in the kitchen.â May said, âœI want to eat it!â So, the mother gave May some popcorn, and she started to eat it. She liked the taste so much that she started to break it with her hands. âœWhoa!â she laughed. âœI like to break it!â The family all laughed, and May continued to break her popcorn as she nibbled away. Gray bits of popcorn flew onto the blanket as May laughed and enjoyed the snack.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his toy dolphins in the bathtub. One day, Timmy accidentally dropped one of his dolphins down the drain. He started to weep because he loved his dolphins very much. Timmys mom heard him crying and asked, Whats wrong, Timmy? Timmy replied, My dolphin is gone. Its bad. His mom hugged him and said, Dont worry, well get it back. They called a plumber to help them retrieve the dolphin. The plumber was able to fish it out of the drain and give it back to Timmy. Timmy was so happy that he hugged his dolphin tight and said, I love you, dolphin.Once upon a time, there was a little rabbit who liked to play outside. One day, he saw a big snowman and wanted to say hello. But when he hopped closer, he got stuck in a tight trap! The rabbit tried to wiggle free, but he couldnt move. He felt scared and alone. Suddenly, he heard a loud noise and saw a big dog running towards him. The rabbit was even more scared now! But then something strange happened. The dog stopped and started to freeze! The rabbit didnt understand why, but he knew it was his chance to escape. He hopped away as fast as he could, feeling grateful to be free again. From that day on, he learned to be more careful when exploring outside.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with dough and make shapes like animals and flowers. One day, her mommy asked her to be obedient and clean up her toys. Lily replied, Okay mommy, I will clean up my toys after I study my shapes with the dough. Mommy smiled and said, Thats a great idea, Lily. You can study and learn while having fun with the dough. So, Lily played with the dough for a little while longer and made a beautiful butterfly. Then, she obediently cleaned up her toys and put them away. Mommy was proud of Lily for being such a good listener and for studying with the dough. They hugged and went to have some yummy snacks together. The end.Once there was a boy who wanted to go outside and play. He grabbed his hat and put it on his head. He put his shoes on his feet and opened the door. He went outside and felt the sun on his skin. It was so warm and the grass was dry. He ran around, chasing butterflies. He played until his hands were tired. When he was done, he looked for a puddle. He wanted to use his hands to make some shapes. But the ground was too dry. So he found a bucket and filled it with water from the hose. Then he used his hands to splash around. He made circles and lines and squares, until the water was all gone. The boy went inside with a smile on his face. He had used his hands to make something new!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys and run around outside. One night, Lily was frightened because she heard a loud noise outside her window. She wondered what it could be. Lily got out of bed and went to her window. She saw a bright light glowing in the sky. It was so beautiful and she felt happy. She wondered what it was, and then she remembered her parents telling her about shooting stars. Lily was no longer frightened, she felt excited. She watched the glowing shooting star until it disappeared. She went back to bed with a smile on her face and felt grateful for the wonder of the night sky.Today Mommy had a great idea. She suggested that they should play a game. So they all went outside to play. The first game they played was hide and seek. Mommy hid behind a big tree and shouted Ready or not, here I come! They all laughed and had lots of fun. Then Mommy suggested something new. She said Lets play tag. They all ran around, laughing and shouting. Everyone was so fast, it was hard to catch them! But then Mommy saw something ugly. It was a big spider! She quickly suggested that they should do something else. So they all decided to play hopscotch instead. Everyone hopped around the yard for ages and had lots of fun. That was a great game, and it was good that Mama had a suggestion.Tom and Lily were playing with their toys in the living room. Tom had a big van that he liked to drive around. Lily had a small doll that she liked to dress up. They were having fun until Tom had an idea. Lets attach your doll to my van! he said to Lily. It will be fun! Lily did not like Toms idea. She did not want her doll to be dragged by the van. She liked her doll to be clean and pretty. No, Tom, no! she said. I dont want to attach my doll to your van. Leave my doll alone! But Tom did not listen. He grabbed Lilys doll and tried to tie it to the back of his van. Lily tried to stop him, but he was stronger. He attached the doll to the van and drove away. Ha ha, look at your doll! he said. She is flying behind my van! Lily was very sad and angry. She ran after Tom and his van. She wanted to get her doll back. She shouted at Tom to stop, but he did not stop. He drove faster and faster. Stop, Tom, stop! she said. You are hurting my doll! Give her back to me! Tom did not care. He thought it was funny to see Lily chase him and his van. He laughed and laughed. But then, something happened. Toms van hit a chair and flipped over. The doll flew out of the rope and landed on the floor. Toms van broke into pieces. Tom was not laughing anymore. He was scared and hurt. Lily saw what happened. She ran to her doll and picked her up. She checked if her doll was okay. She was dirty and torn, but she was still her doll. Lily hugged her doll and cried. She looked at Tom and his van. She felt sorry for him. He was crying too. He had no van to play with anymore. He had no fun anymore. Lily decided to be nice. She walked to Tom and offered him her doll. Here, Tom, you can play with my doll, she said. She is a nice doll. She likes to be your friend. Tom looked at Lily and her doll. He felt ashamed and sorry. He had been mean to Lily and her doll. He had broken his van and his fun. He took Lilys doll and said, Thank you, Lily. You are a nice girl. You are a good friend. He hugged Lilys doll and smiled. Lily smiled too. They decided to play together. They forgot about the van and the rope. They had fun with the doll. They were happy.One day, there was a famous man named Jack. He liked to jog every morning. He went outside and put on his special socks. The socks were made especially for running. They were very soft, and he felt comfy in them. Jack started to jog around the park. He ran past a lake, a tree and a big, green hill. He jogged around and around for a long time. He felt happy and truly enjoyed his morning jog. When he was finished jogging, Jack started to wave to the people around him. Some clapped and cheered, because he was famous! Jack smiled and felt very proud. The next morning, Jack put on his special jogging socks and started to jog around the park again. He didnt feel tired at all and it felt really good to stretch his legs. He jogged around and around, smiling with joy as he waved to the people around him.Ben is a brown dog who likes to nap. He naps on his soft bed, on the couch, on the rug, and sometimes on his owners lap. He naps when it is sunny, when it is rainy, when it is quiet, and when it is noisy. He naps a lot. One day, Ben hears a new sound. It is a loud and fast sound, like a big bee. He looks out the window and sees a yellow car. The car is in motion. It goes up and down the street, and makes a beepbeep noise. Ben is curious. He wants to see the car closer. He jumps off the couch and runs to the door. He barks and scratches the door. His owner opens the door and lets him out. Ben runs after the car. He tries to catch it, but it is too fast. He runs and runs, but he cannot reach it. He gets tired and hot. He stops and lies down on the grass. He naps. The car stops too. The driver gets out and sees Ben. He smiles and walks to him. He pets Ben and gives him a treat. He says, Hello, little dog. You are a good runner. Do you want to ride in my car? Ben wags his tail and barks. He likes the driver. He likes the treat. He likes the car. The driver picks up Ben and puts him in the car. He drives him back to his house. He knocks on the door and gives Ben to his owner. He says, I found your dog chasing my car. He is a brave and friendly dog. I gave him a ride and a snack. He napped in the car. He is a good napper. Bens owner thanks the driver and hugs Ben. He says, You are a silly and adventurous dog. Im glad you are safe and happy. Now lets go inside and nap some more. Ben agrees. He naps.Lily and Max are friends. They like to play in the park. One day, they find a big jar of sugar on a bench. They are very happy. Look, Max, sugar! We can eat it and be sweet! Lily says. Yes, Lily, sugar! Lets open it and have some! Max says. They open the jar and take some sugar with their fingers. They put it in their mouths and smile. It is very yummy. But then, a big dog comes. It sees the jar of sugar and wants it too. It barks and runs to the bench. It knocks over the jar and spills the sugar on the ground. Hey, dog, stop! That is our sugar! Lily shouts. Go away, dog, you are bad! Max shouts. The dog does not listen. It licks the sugar on the ground and growls at Lily and Max. They are scared and sad. They have no more sugar. Then, a lady comes. She sees the dog and the jar and the sugar. She is angry. Bad dog, bad dog! What have you done? That is my sugar! I left it here for a minute! she says. She grabs the dog by the collar and pulls it away. She looks at Lily and Max and sees their faces. Im sorry, kids, I didnt know you were here. Did the dog hurt you? she asks. No, lady, we are okay. But the dog ate our sugar. We found it on the bench and we wanted to eat it. It was very yummy, Lily says. The lady smiles and says, Oh, I see. Well, that was very naughty of the dog. And of you, too. You shouldnt eat sugar from a jar you dont know. It could be bad for you. Sugar is not good for your teeth or your tummy. Lily and Max feel sorry. They say, We are sorry, lady. We didnt know. We just wanted to be sweet. The lady says, Its okay, kids. I forgive you. But you dont need sugar to be sweet. You are sweet enough already. You know what is sweeter than sugar? Lily and Max shake their heads. They dont know. The lady says, A kiss. A kiss is sweeter than sugar. And it makes you happy and lucky. Do you want a kiss? Lily and Max nod. They do want a kiss. The lady bends down and gives them each a kiss on the cheek. They feel warm and happy. They smile and say, Thank you, lady. You are very nice. The lady says, Youre welcome, kids. You are very nice, too. Now, go and play. And remember, no more sugar from strangers. Only kisses from friends. Lily and Max say, Okay, lady. We will remember. Bye, bye. They wave to the lady and the dog. They hold hands and run to the swings. They are sweet and happy and lucky. They kiss each other on the cheek and laugh. They are friends.Lily was a chubby girl who liked to eat cake. She always asked her mom to make cake for her. One day, her mom said, Lily, you need to eat some fruits and vegetables too. Cake is not good for you all the time. Lily did not like fruits and vegetables. She said, No, mom, I only want cake. Cake is yummy and sweet. Fruits and vegetables are yucky and bitter. Her mom said, Lily, if you dont eat some fruits and vegetables, you will not get any cake today. You have to try new things and be healthy. Lily was angry and sad. She said, Fine, mom, I will quit cake. I will never eat cake again. I dont need cake. I dont need you. She ran to her room and slammed the door. She cried on her bed. She felt hungry and lonely. She heard a noise from the kitchen. She smelled something delicious. She got up and peeked through the door. She saw her mom taking a big pan out of the oven. It was a chocolate cake with frosting and sprinkles. Her mom smiled and said, Lily, I made this cake for you. I know you love cake. But I also love you, and I want you to be happy and healthy. So I made this cake with some fruits and vegetables in it. You cant even taste them, but they are good for you. Do you want to try a slice? Lilys eyes widened. She felt curious and sorry. She said, Mom, Im sorry I was mean to you. I do love you. And I do love cake. Can I have a slice, please? Her mom said, Of course, Lily. Come here and give me a hug. You can have a slice of cake, and some milk, and some more fruits and vegetables later. How does that sound? Lily ran to her mom and hugged her. She said, That sounds great, mom. Thank you for the cake. And thank you for caring about me. They both smiled and cut a slice of cake. They ate it together and talked. Lily liked the cake. She did not know it had fruits and vegetables in it. She felt happy and full. She did not quit cake. She quit being stubborn.Once upon a time, there was an ancient cable. It ran through the whole valley and connected all the houses together. Every day, the people living in the valley would use the cable to communicate with each other and share their stories. One day, a young girl saw the cable and asked her Mom, What is this thing Mommy?. Her Mom said, That is an ancient cable. It helps us to have a connection with other people. The young girl was very excited and said, I want to have this cable too!. Her Mom said, Sure, but you will have to wait until you get a bit older. The young girl was very eager and asked, How much older?. Her Mom replied, When you are three years old, you will be able to use the cable too. The young girl was very happy and said, Yay! I cannot wait until I am three! She kept counting the days until the day she could have her very own ancient cable.Once upon a time there was a little bird who wanted to fly. He looked up at the sky and flapped his wings hard and long. But try as he might, he just couldnt seem to get off the ground. He felt sad and worried until he thought about his best friend, another little bird. His friend told him a story about a brave bird who was small but fit. He was so fit that he could fly high in the sky. The first little bird was filled with hope and he flapped his wings as hard as he could. Suddenly, he felt the wind beneath him and he rose higher and higher. He flew and flew until he could see his friend far below, waving and cheering. The two birds flew around together all day, and the little bird was so happy to be able to be with his friend in the sky. Sure enough, the little bird was fit enough to fly, just like his friends story said.Once upon a time, in a big jungle, there lived a little monkey named Momo. Momo loved to move and play with his friends all day. They would swing from tree to tree, and play fun games together. One day, Momo woke up and felt very ready to play. He called out to his friends, Come on, lets play in the jungle! His friends, a bird, a frog, and a big cat came running. They were all ready to have a fun day in the jungle. They played hide and seek, and Momo was very good at moving fast to find his friends. The big cat would hide in the tall grass, the bird would fly up high, and the frog would jump into the water. Momo would move quickly to find them all. They had a great day playing in the jungle, and they were all very happy.Timmy was sad. He had wanted to design a boat to sail in the deep sea with an anchor, but his parents told him he was too young. But then one day, his parents returned home with a box and told him it had something special inside. Timmy was excited and eager to open the box. Inside were all the pieces he needed to design his own boat. Timmy quickly got to work and soon had all the pieces put together. He eagerly ran outside with his boat and found a deep pond. He took out the anchor and put it in the pond. Timmy put his boat on the water and started to pull the anchor. He was amazed to see that the boat started to move away from the shore. The wind was blowing and Timmy was loving the feeling of sailing in the deep pond. He had designed his own boat and it was working perfectly. Timmy waved goodbye as the wind took him further away. He was so proud of himself!Once upon a time in Orange Land, there was a big cave. Inside lived a monster named Murphy. Murphy loved to play with his giant spear. Every day, he would take it out and throw it around, making an enormous crashing noise. One day, the king of Orange Land heard the noise and came to investigate. What are you doing? the king asked. Murphy answered, I am having fun throwing my spear! The king knew this wasnt safe, so he suggested that Murphy separate from his spear every time he heard the kings trumpet. Murphy agreed, and this became the custom in Orange Land. Every time the kings trumpet sounded, everyone, including Murphy, had to separate from their spears. Sometimes this made Murphy frustrated, especially when he was having the most fun. One day the kings trumpet sounded and Murphy didnt separate from his spear fast enough. The king became angry and shouted at Murphys disobedience. Murphy had to face the consequences of breaking the rule, but he was also proud of himself for following it all the time before. He learned an important lesson that day even when youre having the most fun, you must always obey the rules.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a favorite cushion that she loved to hug. One day, Lily was playing with her toys when she accidentally fell off her chair. She was scared and started to cry, but her cushion was there to catch her. She felt safe and hugged her cushion tight. Lilys mom saw what happened and came to check on her. She asked if she was okay and Lily nodded her head. Her mom was happy to see that Lily was safe and sound. From that day on, Lily made sure to always have her cushion nearby when she was playing.Once upon a time, there was a family who were very generous. Every day they would rub each others backs, give big hugs and share their toys. They were all very happy and they made each other smile. One special day, they decided to go outside and rub the warm sand between their toes. The sun was shining down on them and the family laughed and said it felt so special! They were so generous that even a little bird flew down and landed on their shoulders. The family were so happy, they just kept rubbing and rubbing the birds feathers. The bird was so pleased that it flew away and came back with a surprise for the family. It dropped a nice, juicy worm at their feet and all the family laughed. The family were so generous that day that it made the little bird very happy. They all went inside and gave each other big hugs. That night, the family went to bed with smiles on their faces.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved going to the library with his mom. The library was a big building with lots of books. It was always quiet in the library, which Timmy liked. One day, Timmy went to the library with his mom, but it was very noisy. There was a man who kept screaming and making loud noises. Timmy didnt like it, and neither did his mom. They tried to ignore the man, but it was too noisy. Suddenly, the man started throwing the books around and making a big mess. Everyone in the library was scared and started to scream. Timmy and his mom ran out of the library as fast as they could. The library was closed for a long time, and Timmy couldnt go back. He was sad because he loved going to the library. But he knew he couldnt go back because it wasnt safe anymore. The end.John walked down the street with his mum. He smiled as he waved at all of the people he passed. He always felt so welcome in his neighbourhood. His mum pointed to a high building and said, Look John, thats the library. John loved libraries and he smiled wide at the thought of a secret adventure waiting inside. John and his mum stepped into the library and he ran over to the books. He loved searching through all of them, looking at the pictures and imagining different stories. Suddenly he felt worried he saw someone sneering from the corner of his eye. He turned and saw a boy looking through the books too. The boy looked up and said, I hate this place! Johns mum saw the two boys and stepped in. She said something to the boy, but John couldnt understand. He looked up at his mum and saw her firm but kind expression. She turned back to the boy and said, Its not nice to hate places. Everyone is welcome here. The boy seemed surprised, but after a while he nodded. He gave John a small smile and said, This place isnt so bad after all. John smiled back, relieved that nobody would be hating anymore. He was happy to be welcomed in such a special, high place.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to dance and sing. One day, she decided to perform a dance for her teddy bear. She put on her favorite dress, and started to twirl and jump around. As she danced, she noticed a pin on the floor. She was careful not to step on it because it was delicate and could hurt her. She picked it up and put it on the table. After she finished her dance, Lily felt very happy. She hugged her teddy bear and went to bed. From that day on, she always made sure to look for pins and other delicate things on the floor before she danced.Tom and Ben like to play golf. They have a small golf set with balls and sticks. They go to the park with their dad and find a nice spot to hit the balls. They are very happy and have fun. But there is a big problem. The park is full of trash. There are cans and bottles and bags everywhere. Some of the trash is old and smelly. It makes the grass and the flowers rot. Tom and Ben do not like the trash. They think it is ugly and dirty. They see a man who works at the park. He has a big truck and a rake. He is trying to clean up the trash. He looks tired and sad. Tom and Ben want to be helpful. They go to the man and say, Hello, sir. Can we help you? The man smiles and says, Thank you, boys. That is very kind of you. You can help me by picking up some of the trash and putting it in the truck. But be careful, some of the trash is sharp or sticky. And do not touch the rotten stuff. It can make you sick. Tom and Ben nod and say, OK, sir. We will be careful. They take a big bag and start to pick up the trash. They are proud and happy to help the man. They think they are doing a good thing. But they are not careful enough. They do not see a rotten banana peel on the ground. It is brown and slimy and full of worms. Tom steps on it and slips. He falls down and hits his head on a rock. He cries out in pain and blood. Ben runs to him and screams. The man hears them and comes to help. He calls for help on his phone. He is scared and sorry. Tom and Ben do not play golf anymore. Tom has a big scar on his head. He has bad dreams and headaches. He is sad and angry. Ben is sad and scared. He blames himself for what happened. He does not like the park anymore. He does not like golf anymore. He does not like anything anymore.Once upon a time, there was a little puppy named Spot. Spot loved to play in the park with his friends. One day, while Spot was playing, he saw a big flame coming from a tree. Spot was scared, but he knew he had to help. He barked and barked until someone came to rescue the tree. After the flame was gone, Spot saw something shiny in the tree. It was an unknown object! Spot was very curious, so he climbed up the tree to get it. When he got closer, he saw that it was a toy. Spot was so happy to have found the toy, and he knew he had done a good job rescuing the tree. From that day on, Spot was known as a brave puppy who could rescue anything. He was very proud of himself and played with his new toy every day.Once upon a time, there was a little bird named Tweet. Tweet loved to fly high in the sky and gaze at the clouds. One day, while Tweet was flying, he saw a shiny wire on the ground. Tweet was curious and flew down to investigate. As Tweet got closer, he saw that the wire was tangled around a little mouse. The mouse looked anxious and scared. Please help me, said the mouse. Im stuck in this wire. Tweet knew he had to help the mouse. He carefully pecked at the wire until it came loose. The mouse was grateful and thanked Tweet for his help. From that day on, Tweet and the mouse became good friends. They learned that even though they were different, they could still help each other and be kind. The moral of the story is that helping others is always a good thing to do.Once upon a time, in a land of pastel colors, there lived a wise old cat. This cat loved to balance on a big ball. Every day, the cat would roll the ball around town, showing off his skills. One day, a little dog came to town. The dog saw the cat on the big ball and wanted to try it too. The dog jumped on the ball and started to balance. But the dog was not as wise as the cat, and he fell off the ball. The cat saw the dog fall and felt bad. He wanted to help the dog learn to balance. So, the wise cat taught the little dog how to balance on the big ball. They practiced every day, and soon the dog could balance just like the cat. The cat and the dog became good friends, and they rolled their big ball all around the pastel town together.Once upon a time there was a young boy. He had a special hat. He wanted to wear it but it was broken. So he asked his mom to help him fix it. Mom took a look and saw that the hat was torn on one side. She got out her sewing kit and picked out a blue thread. She threaded her needle and slowly stitched the hat together again. When she was done, the hat looked as good as new. The young boy put it on his head and jumped up and down with joy. He thanked his mom and said it was the best hat ever. The young boy was so happy that he began to run around outside playing games with his friends. Everywhere he went, he proudly wore his fixed hat. The hat continued to stay strong and healthy, no matter how much he ran and played. The boy was very thankful he was able to fix his hat with his moms help.One sunny morning, a small boy was walking with his father. As he walked, he stumbled over a plastic toy car. It was small and just right for him. He picked it up and held it close. His dad smiled and said, Lets take it home with us. The boy smiled and nodded. He was so excited to have this new toy. When they got home, the boy ran to show his mom his new toy. He showed her the plastic car, and she smiled and said, What a cute little car. The boy beamed with pride as he hugged his toy close. After dinner, the boy wanted to play with his car. He took it out to the front yard, where he stumbled around trying to push it forward. After a few tries he figured out how to move it and was soon having lots of fun. He spent the rest of the evening playing with his small plastic car until it was bedtime.John dreamed of travelling by plane. He would look up at the sky and watch the planes fly up high. He was gifted with an urge to explore, so his desire to fly grew stronger every day. One day his mum noticed John watching the planes pass and said, John, why dont we go on a plane? Johns eyes lit up and he said, Really, mum? Can we go on a plane? Mum answered with a smile, Yes, John, lets go on a plane! John was overjoyed. He raced around the house, excited for his first plane ride. Finally the day came and John and mum boarded the plane. John was all eyes as he looked out of the window, watching the clouds drift by. As the plane touched down, John felt the urge to explore and adventure turn into a reality. He was suddenly excited for all the new and exciting things that he could experience. Mum whispered in Johns ear, My gifted little explorer, our journey has only just begun.Once upon a time there was a sweet strawberry. It was growing in a sunny field and each day it got bigger and bigger. One morning, the farmer came to pick the strawberry. He picked it carefully, so that it didnt get hurt. He then put it into a basket. He took it back to the farm, and the strawberry was very happy. It was glad it was going to yield something delicious. When the farmer got home, he washed the strawberry and put it on a plate. Everyone thought the strawberry looked very yummy. But no one could wait to taste the sweet strawberry. So the farmer handed it to a threeyearold boy. The boy smiled and took a big bite out of the strawberry. It was delicious! Everyone shared the strawberry and it was gone in no time. The threeyearold boy said it was the sweetest and juiciest strawberry he ever tasted.Once upon a time, in a land far away, there was a little yellow bird. The bird had a friend, a big brown bear. They liked to play together in the sunny forest. One day, the birds nest fell from the tree. The bird was very sad. The big brown bear wanted to restore the nest for his friend, the yellow bird. The bear picked up the nest and put it back in the tree. The yellow bird was so happy! They continued to play and have fun in the sunny forest. And they stayed best friends forever.Once there was a little girl named Lisa. She was just three years old. One day, she woke up and it was very cold outside. She shivered in her bed and then she got out. She put on her boots, coat and a hat. She stepped outside and the wind was blowing hard. She shivered even more and her teeth were chattering. âœWhy itâs so cold today?â she said to herself. Then she saw her mom and said, âœMommy, why itâs so cold?â âœWell, because itâs winter sweetheart,â said her mom as she hugged her tight. Suddenly, Lisa felt a bit better and was no longer shivering. She went inside for a cup of milk. âœMmm, this milk is so yummy,â she said as warm milk ran down her chin. But then Lisa heard a loud noise outside and it scared her. She shivered again, but this time it was because of the terrible noise. âœWhat was that?â she asked her mom. Her mom hugged her again and said, âœIt was just the wind my sweetheart. Donât worry, thereâs nothing to be scared of.â Lisa felt better and finished her milk with a smile on her faceOnce upon a time, there was a ranch. On the ranch there was one cow, one horse and one goat. They were all very hungry! The cow said to the horse and the goat, Lets get married! The horse and the goat thought it was a great idea. So the cow, the horse, and the goat got married. The other animals on the ranch watched and cheered. After their wedding, everyone was filled with joy. All the animals on the ranch were happy except for one thingâ they were still very hungry. But then one day there was a big surprise! A farmer drove up to the ranch with a big truck full of food. Everyone was so happy they could eat all they wanted! The three animals that got married the cow, the horse and the goat were very thankful. They lived on the ranch and were never hungry again!Anna and Ben are friends. They like to play with dolls and cars. One day, Anna sees a white house near the park. She thinks it is very pretty. She wants to play in the white house. She asks Ben, Can we play in the white house? Ben says, No, Anna. The white house is not ours. It belongs to someone else. We cannot go inside. But Anna does not listen. She says, Please, Ben. Just for a little while. I want to see the white house. Maybe they will lend it to us. Ben is scared. He does not want to get in trouble. But he does not want to make Anna sad. He says, Okay, Anna. But only for a little while. And we have to be very quiet and careful. They go to the white house. They open the door. It is not locked. They see a big sofa, a TV, a table, and many toys. Anna is happy. She says, Wow, Ben. Look at all the toys. They have dolls and cars and books and puzzles. Can we play with them? Ben says, No, Anna. We cannot touch anything. They are not ours. We are only guests. We have to be polite. But Anna does not listen. She picks up a doll and a car. She says, Look, Ben. This doll is so pretty. And this car is so fast. I want to play with them. She runs to the sofa. She throws the doll and the car on the sofa. She jumps on the sofa. She makes loud noises. She says, Vroom, vroom. Beep, beep. I am driving the car. And the doll is my friend. We are having fun. Ben is scared. He says, Anna, stop. You are making too much noise. You are making a mess. Someone will hear us. Someone will see us. We have to go. But Anna does not listen. She says, No, Ben. I want to play more. I want to stay in the white house. It is better than our house. It has more toys. It is more fun. She picks up more toys. She throws them on the floor. She laughs. She says, Look, Ben. I am making a game. I am making a story. You have to play with me. Ben is scared. He says, Anna, please. We have to leave. We have to say sorry. We have to give back the toys. We have to be nice. But Anna does not listen. She says, No, Ben. I do not want to leave. I do not want to say sorry. I do not want to give back the toys. I want to keep them. They are mine now. She grabs more toys. She puts them in her bag. She says, Come on, Ben. Lets go. We have to take the toys with us. They are our toys now. Ben is scared. He says, Anna, no. You cannot do that. You cannot take the toys. They are not ours. They are someone elses. You are stealing. You are being bad. But Anna does not listen. She says, Yes, Ben. I can do that. I can take the toys. They are ours. They are no one elses. I am not stealing. I am being smart. She pulls Ben by the hand. She says, Lets go, Ben. Lets run. Lets hide. No one will find us. No one will catch us. We are free. They run to the door. They open the door. They see a man. He is big. He is angry. He says, Hey, you. What are you doing in my house? What are you doing with my toys? Give them back. Now. He grabs Anna and Ben. He takes the toys. He calls the police. He says, I caught two thieves. They broke into my house. They took my toys. They have to go to jail. Anna and Ben are scared. They cry. They say, We are sorry. We are sorry. We did not mean to. We just wanted to play. We just wanted to have fun. But the man does not listen. He says, No, you are not sorry. You are not sorry. You meant to. You did not want to play. You wanted to steal. You did not have fun. You had trouble. The police come. They take Anna and Ben. They put them in a car. They drive them away. They say, You are in big trouble. You have to go to the judge. You have to go to the jail. You have to learn a lesson. Anna and BenOne day, there was a thief. He wanted to steal something very special. He knew he needed a plan. He wanted something that was very heavy, so he came up with an idea. He decided to weigh things at the market. Every day he went to the market, he would look around and weigh different items. One day, he came upon an open box. It was very heavy, so the thief was very excited. He thought it would be the perfect item to steal. He quickly took the box and ran away. The thief did not know that the box was filled with coins and jewels. He was only focused on the fact that it was heavy. Little did he know, that he had just stolen the most valuable item in the market!Once upon a time, there was a girl named Sam. She was three years old and she loved her family very much. One day she was getting ready for bed when she noticed something shiny in her folder. She opened her folder and found an attractive necklace that shone like the sun. She was so excited and showed it to her parents. Look what I found! shouted Sam. Her parents smiled and said, Thats wonderful, honey! Lets celebrate your discovery by having a family dinner! Sam was so happy she had never had such a lovely necklace. She was grateful to her family and wore the necklace to dinner. After dinner, Sams mother reminded her how important it is to always remember to be grateful. Sam smiled and thanked her parents for being so nice and always caring. The moral of this story is to be grateful for the things you have and celebrate them whenever you can. If you are thankful for the good things in life, more good things will come your way.Once upon a time, in a small town, there was a flexible little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside and watch the sunrise. Every morning, she would wake up early and go to the park. One day, Lily found a big red ball in the park. She wanted to play with it, but it was stuck in a tree. She tried to pull it down, but it was too high. Lily didnt give up. She used her flexible body to bend and stretch to reach the ball. Finally, after trying many times, Lily was able to pull the ball down from the tree. She was so happy and played with it all day. As the sun began to set, Lily knew that tomorrow, she would wake up early again to see the sunrise and play with her new red ball.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to ride his bike, but he never wore his helmet. His mom always told him to wear it, but he thought it was too tough to wear. One day, Timmy decided to go for a ride without his helmet. He was having so much fun that he didnt notice a big rock in his path. He hit the rock and fell off his bike. He hurt his head really badly and had to go to the hospital. After that, Timmy always wore his helmet when he rode his bike. He learned that its important to follow safety rules, even if they seem tough. The moral of the story is that safety should always come first, even if its not fun or easy.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. One day, Timmys mommy took him to the barber shop. Timmy was scared because he had never been to a barber before. But when he got there, he met the barber and he was very nice. The barber asked Timmy what kind of haircut he wanted. Timmy said he wanted a cool haircut like his friends. The barber used his scissors to cut Timmys hair. Timmy was happy because he looked cool. After the haircut, Timmy and his mommy went outside. It was raining and they didnt have an umbrella. Timmys mommy said they had to run to the car so they wouldnt get wet. Timmy laughed and said he liked getting wet. They ran to the car and Timmy felt like he had met a new friend in the barber.Once there was a generous elephant who wanted to help everyone. He had a special horn and he used it to encourage everyone. Every morning he would wake up and blow his horn. The sound of his horn made the world full of love and joy. One day a little tiger needed help. He was scared and alone. The elephant used his horn to encourage the tiger and the tiger felt better. He was so happy he jumped into the air and cheered. The elephant was so generous. He helped more and more animals every day. He would go around the jungle blowing his horn and encouraging everyone. The animals were very thankful for the elephants help. They sang songs and cheered for him, thanking him for his generous gift. The elephant was so proud of himself and smiled from ear to ear. His generous heart and horn filled the jungle with happiness and joy.One day, an elderly man was walking in the park. He spotted something shiny and twinkling in the grass. It was a can of spray! He was tempted to take it but he was an old man and thought it was wrong. He continued his stroll but eventually stopped at a lonely yarn shop. He entered and the shopkeeper handed him the can of spray he saw in the park. As the shopkeeper handed it over, his face became cold and sly. The old man thought it was weird, but he took the can anyway. As soon as he got home, he decided to try it out and sprayed the can everywhere. But unfortunately, the spray was poisonous and the old man was very ill. The elderly man had been set up by the shopkeeper. The shopkeeper knew of the old mans temptation of the spray in the park and gave it to him to fulfill his desire, but the old man had no idea of the consequences.Once upon a time there was a grumpy old bear. Every day he would take a walk in the forest. One day he saw something he had never seen before a giant puddle of mud! He wasnt sure what to do. He sniffed it and he knew it smelled funny, but he couldnt resist. He stuck his giant paw into the puddle and suddenly felt something wriggling! The bear gasped for he had felt tiny creatures in the mud. He quickly withdrew his paw, not wanting to hurt the small animals. He couldnt help but feel guilty for disturbing them. A small, gentle voice then said to him, Its all right, bear. We can permit you to play in our mud puddle. The bear was amazed to hear such kindness, so he thanked them and played in the mud. The tiny creatures watched, clapping their paws every time he somersaulted into the mud. The bear felt a warmth in his heart he had never felt before and it made the grumpy bear so happy! He thanked the creatures and returned home, feeling grateful for such an incredible experience.Mommy was playing her music in the kitchen when Ella came in. Ella saw her mommy and asked, What are you doing, mommy? Mommy smiled and said, Im listening to music, honey. What is music? asked Ella. Mommy thought for a moment, then said, Music is something that makes you feel fit and happy. Its like it fits you inside. Ella thought for a moment, and then asked, Can I listen too? Mommy smiled again. Of course you can! Ella hopped up and sat on a chair next to Mommy. When she heard the music, she smiled. It was like her mommy had explained she felt fit and happy. Mommy put an arm around Ella and said, See, music is special it makes us feel good inside. Ella nodded, snuggled into Mommys side and enjoyed the music together.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lucy. She was three years old, and loved to study! She often pulled out her books and notes to learn more about the world around her. One day, as she was studying, she noticed a lot of waste on the ground. It was everywhere, and it was very filthy! Lucy started to pick up the waste and put it in the bin. She worked very hard, and soon the ground was clean again. She felt happy and proud, knowing that she had helped keep the environment clean. Every day, Lucy would spend time studying and also work to keep the environment clean. She showed everyone that even a threeyearold can make a difference!Once there was a little girl who was very brave. She went to the doctor with her mom. The little girl was so scared. She was shaking and holding her moms hand tightly. The doctor smiled at the little girl. He said it would be ok. He wanted her to stay and not go away. The little girl stayed and the doctor checked her. He listened to her heart and looked in her eyes. But even though the doctor was very nice, the little girl was still scared. The doctor gave the little girl a hug and said she was ok. He said she could go home now. The little girl was so happy that she hugged the doctor and thanked him. The little girl knew that even though the doctor was scary, he had helped her. Now she wasnt scared anymore.Once there was an old woman who was very shy. She lived in a little cozy cottage with lots of colorful threads in the corner. One day, a small girl named Lucy came to visit her. She had a big smile on her face, and the old woman couldnt help but be happy. She said, Come in, Lucy, and have some tea! Lucy followed the woman into the kitchen, and the old woman asked, What can I do for you today, my dear? I want to make a pretty necklace with the colorful threads! said Lucy. The old woman showed her the threads and helped her make the necklace. As the old woman and Lucy worked, they both began to talk. The old woman wasnt so shy now, and the two talked until it was dark outside. In the end, the old woman made Lucy a pretty necklace with the colorful threads. Lucy thanked her and said goodbye. The old woman felt wonderful as she watched Lucy leave. She wasnt so shy anymore, and she had made a friend.Lila and Sam were twins who liked to play at the shore. They enjoyed making sand castles, finding shells and splashing in the water. One day, they saw a big boat with a flag and a sail. They wondered who was on the boat and where it was going. The boat came closer and closer to the shore. Lila and Sam waved and shouted hello. A man on the boat waved back and smiled. He threw a rope to the shore and tied the boat to a post. He jumped off the boat and walked to Lila and Sam. Hello, little ones, he said. I am Captain Jack. I sail the seas and look for treasure. Do you want to see what I have found? He opened a chest on the boat and showed them shiny coins, jewels and toys. Lila and Sam gasped and clapped. They had never seen such things before. Would you like to have some of these? Captain Jack asked. You can choose one thing each. I have plenty to share. I am a generous man. Lila and Sam thanked him and looked at the chest. They had a hard time deciding what to pick. They liked everything. Lila chose a necklace with a blue stone that sparkled like the sea. Sam chose a wooden horse with a mane and a tail. They put them on and felt very happy. They hugged Captain Jack and said goodbye. He told them to be good and have fun. He untied the boat and sailed away. Lila and Sam ran to their mom and dad and showed them their gifts. They told them about Captain Jack and his treasure. Their mom and dad smiled and hugged them. They said they were very lucky and very kind. They enjoyed their day at the shore.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Lucy. She was three years old and loved to explore her garden. Every day she would go outside and look for something new to learn about. One day, Lucy went outside and saw something strange. There was a cobweb and in the middle of it was a little blue butterfly. Lucy thought it was beautiful and wanted to get a closer look. Hello, little butterfly, said Lucy. The butterfly didnt move, so Lucy carefully reached out her hand. Suddenly, the butterfly came alive and flew up into the air. As Lucy watched, the butterfly flew higher and higher, until it suddenly disappeared into a charming little house in the tree. Lucy was amazed and couldnt believe her eyes. She ran over to the tree, but just as she reached it, the butterfly appeared again, and with a few flaps of its wings was gone! Lucy laughed with delight and ran back to the house to tell her mom about the magical blue butterfly.Once upon a time, there was a big kangaroo. He was very strong and could jump really high. One day, he saw a little bird with a broken wing. The bird was very fragile and couldnt fly. The kangaroo felt sad and wanted to help the bird. He went to the nearby pond to get some water for the bird when he saw a hunter. The hunter had a gun and was trying to shoot the kangaroo. The kangaroo quickly jumped away and ran towards the bird. He knew he had to protect the fragile bird from the hunter. The hunter tried to shoot the kangaroo again, but he missed. The kangaroo jumped higher and higher until he was out of sight. The bird was safe and the kangaroo was a hero. From that day on, the kangaroo and the bird became best friends and lived happily ever after.Once upon a time there was a troubled fireman. He was feeling so sad that he didnt know what to do. But then he got an idea. He decided to invite all the children in the town over for a party. He served them yummy snacks and they had lots of fun. They played games, danced, and laughed all afternoon. The fireman was so happy when he saw all their smiling faces. He was no longer troubled and he felt like he could do anything. He thanked the children for coming and waved goodbye. They all left with big smiles and happy hearts.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Emma. She loved fruits and especially pears. One day she wanted to find the best pear ever, so she asked her mom for help. Emma Mommy, can you help me find the best pear? Her mom smiled and said I know just the place. So they went to the local market. There they saw so many colorful pears. Emma couldnt believe her eyes. Suddenly, an old lady came up to them and suggested You should try these pears. They certainly are very juicy and flavorful. Emma was happy and said Thank you! I think Ill try those ones. The old lady smiled and said I recommend you try these two. They are the best! Emma and her mom looked at each other and smiled. Emma took the two pears home and they were so juicy and colorful. Emma was so happy and thanked her mom for helping her find the best pears.One day, there was a purple stream. It was so bright and sparkly. Along came a brown squirrel. He had a big twig in his mouth! He stopped at the edge of the stream and carefully twisted it in the water. The squirrel was very busy. He twisted and twisted and twisted. Time passed and soon night had come. The moon shone on the purple stream and the twig the squirrel had twisted had become a bridge! He was so proud of his bridge. The next day, when the sun rose, a friendly rabbit hopped across the bridge and said hello to the brown squirrel. He said thank you for the bridge and they both were really glad!Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play outside and explore the forest. One day, Timmy and his friend Billy went on a walk. They followed a path that led them to a river. Timmy and Billy decided to cross the river, so they took off their shoes and socks. After they crossed the river, they sat down to rest. Suddenly, the sky turned dark and a fierce storm began. Timmy and Billy tried to run back home, but they got lost on the path. They were very wet and cold, and they couldnt find their way back. Timmy started to cry and said, I want to go home, I dont like being wet. But they couldnt find their way back and they were stuck in the forest all night. The next morning, the sun came out and the boys were able to find their way back home, but they were very sick from being wet and cold all night. From then on, Timmy never went on a walk without his parents.Jenny was really excited. She was going to her Grandmas house to have dinner. Grandma always made yummy food for dinner. As Jenny approached the house, she saw something very strange in the garden something that looked like a big box. Jenny walked slowly up to the box and opened it. Inside, she could see lots of photos of herself, her family and her friends. Jenny smiled what was going on? She took out one of the photos and guessed it was a surprise party that Grandma had planned. When Jenny went inside the house, she saw lots of people waiting to surprise her. All of them were happy to see Jenny and they had brought some yummy food too. Jenny had a wonderful time at the surprise party. When it was all over and everybody had gone, Grandma showed Jenny all of the photos that she had found in the box outside. Jenny was so happy! She had a great time and all the photos were so yummy.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lily. She had a toy boat that she loved to play with in the bathtub. One day, she decided to pour water from a cup into her boat. She loved watching the boat float around in the water. Suddenly, there was a loud noise outside. It was a hurricane! The wind was blowing so hard that it knocked down trees and made the windows shake. Lily was scared and didnt know what to do. She tried to grab her boat and run, but it was too late. The wind was too strong and it blew her and the boat away. The boat was flexible and could bend with the wind, but Lily couldnt. She was hurt and couldnt get up. In the end, the storm passed and Lily was found by her parents. They took her to the hospital, but her leg was broken. She couldnt play with her boat for a long time, but she was happy to be safe and sound.Once upon a time there was a girl. She was three years old. She had a big red ball. She leaned over to pick it up. Then she saw a big tub of ice cream. She loved ice cream and she wanted to eat it. She leaned over and opened the tub. She saw the cream inside and it looked so yummy! She was a little bit scared, because she had never tried ice cream before. But it was so easy! She smiled and leaned forward to take a taste. It was the most delicious thing she had ever tasted. She leaned back, happily licking her spoon. Ice cream was so yummy! Now she knew why so many people liked it.Once upon a time, there was a man and woman who loved each other. They wanted to get married but the man wouldnt ask the woman. He was scared to ask her, worried that she would say no. So no matter how much the woman insisted, the man wouldnt ask her. One day, the woman made him a beautiful veil for their wedding. She said that if he didnt want to ask, he could just put the veil on her head and that would mean they were married. The man still wouldnt ask, but he slowly put the veil on her head. When the veil was on her head, the man and woman both smiled. It was the perfect moment. The woman laughed and said, I told you, if you wouldnt asked, you could have put the veil on my head and wed be married. The moral of this story is that when we find something that is perfect, we must not be afraid to take the chance. We must always be brave and persistent to get the outcome we desire.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lily. Lily loved to play with her toys and sing songs. One day, Lilys dad asked her a question. He said, Lily, what do you want for dinner? Lily didnt answer because she was too busy playing. Later that day, Lilys dad was fixing something in the house with a hammer. Lily wanted to play with the hammer, but her dad said no because it was dangerous. Lily got angry and called her dad selfish. The next day, Lilys dad went to work and Lily was left alone. She wanted to play with the hammer again, so she snuck into her dads toolbox and got it out. But when she was playing with it, she accidentally hit herself and got hurt. She cried and cried, but no one was there to answer her calls for help. From that day on, Lily learned that its important to listen to her parents and not be selfish. She wished she had answered her dads question and listened to him when he said no to playing with the hammer.Once upon a time there was a nice girl called Jamie. One day she was feeling brave and decided to leave her house and explore the world outside. On her travels she noticed that everything had a different texture. She touched a smooth tree and it felt soft. Then she touched a dry leaf and it felt rough. Wow! exclaimed Jamie. Just then a friendly voice called out, Good morning! Jamie was a bit scared, so she looked around to see who was speaking. A little rabbit was there with its ears hopping up and down. Jamie had never seen a talking rabbit before but she smiled politely. The rabbit spoke again. My name is Roxy, and Im here to show you the different textures in nature. Jamie was excited and thanked Roxy for this new adventure. They spent the day discovering more and more textures, from prickly leaves to smooth stones. By the end of the day, Jamie felt inspired by all of the things she had seen. She smiled brightly as Roxy waved goodbye. Jamie thanked Roxy again for being so polite and kind, and then carried on her journey home.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. Lily had a favorite toy, a teddy bear named Brownie. One day, Lilys friend Tommy came to visit her. Tommy said, Hi Lily, can I play with Brownie? Lily thought for a moment and then said, Yes, you can share Brownie with me. Tommy was happy and they started to play together. But after a while, it started to get dark outside. Lily said, Tommy, its getting dark. I think its time for you to go home. Tommy replied, Okay Lily, Im ready to go home now. Thank you for sharing Brownie with me. Lily smiled and said, Youre welcome Tommy. See you soon!Once upon a time, in a peaceful little town, there lived a girl named Lily. Lily was a kind girl who liked to help people feel better. One day, she saw her mom come home from work with a frown on her face. Lily wanted to help her mom feel happy again. Lily thought of a way to make her mom smile. She asked her mom to sit down and close her eyes. Then, Lily began to give her mom a gentle massage on her shoulders. She rubbed her moms shoulders slowly and softly. As Lily gave the massage, her mom started to feel more and more relaxed. The frown on her moms face went away, and soon she was smiling again. Lily felt happy that she could help her mom feel better. They both hugged and enjoyed the peaceful evening together.Anna was playing on the porch when she noticed something strange. She got up from her game and moved closer to it. She saw a box, made of wood with some writing on it. Anna asked her mom what it was. Thats a perfume box, Anna, her mom said. Its from a long time ago, so its an original. I think it still has perfume in it. Anna was curious and wanted to try it. She asked her mom if she could open it. Yes you may, Anna, her mom said. Anna carefully opened the wooden box and caught the smell of the perfume. It was still there and it smelled wonderful! Anna was so excited and asked her mom if she could keep it. I think its nice that the perfume has remained the same all these years, her mom said. Yes, Anna, you may keep the perfume. Anna smiled and thanked her mom. She then hugged the box tightly and ran inside to show it to her friends.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play in her garden and look at the pretty flowers. One day, she saw a big rock in her garden that she wanted to move. She tried and tried, but it was too heavy for her to lift. Lily was sad that she couldnt move the rock, but her mom told her to keep trying. So, Lily decided to ask for help from her friends. Together, they were able to lift the rock and move it out of the garden. Lily learned that its okay to ask for help when you need it. Sometimes, we need others to be successful. From that day on, Lily always asked for help when she needed it and she was very successful in everything she did.Lets organize a fun game! said Mom. Yeah! said Sally. Mom got out a big cone and some balls. She put the cone in the middle of the yard. Now we need to throw the balls, said Mom. Sally threw the first one. It rolled to the cone. Thats normal, Mom said with a smile. Now you need to try to make all the balls get to the cone. Sally threw all the balls one by one. They all rolled back to the cone. Good job organizing the game, Sally! said Mom. Sally felt proud of herself. She had organized a fun game!Lily was a little girl who liked to eat. She liked to eat apples and bananas and cheese and bread. She liked to eat in the kitchen with her mom and dad, or in the garden with her dog and cat. One day, Lily saw something different under the table. It was a big brown box with a red ribbon. Lily was curious. She crawled under the table and opened the box. Inside, she found a lot of yummy things to eat. There were cookies and candies and chocolates and cakes. Lily was very happy. She took a bite of a cookie and said, Mmm, this is good! She took a bite of a candy and said, Mmm, this is sweet! She took a bite of a chocolate and said, Mmm, this is smooth! She took a bite of a cake and said, Mmm, this is soft! But then, Lily heard a voice. It was her mom. She said, Lily, where are you? Its time for lunch! Lily looked at the box. She saw a card. It said, Happy birthday, Lily! Love, Grandma and Grandpa. Lily realized that the box was a gift for her. She felt bad. She had eaten some of her gift without asking. Lily crawled out from under the table and said, Mom, Im sorry. I found a box under the table and I ate some of it. It was from Grandma and Grandpa. It was for my birthday. Mom smiled and hugged Lily. She said, Its okay, Lily. Im sure Grandma and Grandpa would want you to enjoy their gift. But you should always ask before you eat something that is not yours. And you should save some for later. You dont want to spoil your appetite for lunch, do you? Lily nodded and said, No, Mom. I dont want to spoil my appetite. I want to eat lunch with you and Dad and Dog and Cat. And I want to say thank you to Grandma and Grandpa for the nice gift. Can I call them later? Mom said, Of course, Lily. You can call them later and tell them how much you liked their gift. And how much you love them. And how much they love you. Lily smiled and said, I love you, Mom. Mom said, I love you, too, Lily. Happy birthday, my sweet girl.Once upon a time, there was a little bird named Blue. Blue liked to fly high up in the sky and look at the pretty clouds. One day, Blue saw a big rock on the ground and decided to land on it. Suddenly, a nosy rabbit hopped over and asked, What are you doing on that rock? Im just resting, replied Blue. The rabbit said, I wish I could fly like you. It must be so much fun! It is, said Blue. Do you want to come with me? The rabbit hopped onto Blues back and they flew together through the sky. The rabbit was so happy to fly and see the world from up high. From then on, Blue and the rabbit were the best of friends and flew together every day.John liked to study. He was very smart for a 3 year old. He loved to go to school and learn new things. One day, John left school and saw a big, red house. It was so pretty. He wanted to learn more about it, so he did some studying. He asked his dad all sorts of questions. He learned that the house was built many years ago and was a special home for a family. John thought this was so cool. He loved learning new things and wanted to know even more. He vowed to himself to keep studying and keep learning.Once upon a time, there was a little girl who loved to play with her board. She would ride it all around the park and have so much fun. One day, she found an ugly board lying on the ground. She felt sorry for it and decided to take it home with her. The little girl loved her new board, even though it was ugly. She painted it pink and put stickers all over it. She was so happy to have a new friend to play with. But one day, while she was riding her board, she fell and hurt herself badly. She had to go to the hospital and couldnt play with her board anymore. Days turned into weeks and the little girl got better, but when she went to play with her board again, she found out that it was broken. She was so sad and cried a lot. She realized that she loved her old board more than the new one, even though it was ugly. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his toys and his dog, Max. One day, Timmys mom said to him, Timmy, its time to take a bath. You have been playing outside and you have a lot of dirt on you. Timmy said, But Mom, I dont want to bathe. I want to keep playing with my stuff. Mom said, Timmy, its important to keep clean. If you dont bathe, you might get sick. Timmy said, Oh no, that sounds dangerous. Okay Mom, Ill take a bath now. And with that, Timmy went to the bathroom to bathe and get clean.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. Lily was very proud of her toys and never wanted to share them with her friends. One day, Lilys nurse told her that its important to share with others and accept that they might want to play with her toys too. At first, Lily didnt want to listen to her nurse. But then, she thought about it and realized that sharing is important. She decided to bring her toys to school and share them with her friends. Her friends were very happy and Lily felt good about herself too. From that day on, Lily always shared her toys and felt proud of herself for doing so. She learned that its important to accept that others might want to play with her toys too, and that sharing makes everyone happy. The end.Tom and Sue are twins. They like to play in the park. One day, they see a big dog. It has gray fur and sharp teeth. It looks like a wolf. Wow, look at that dog! Tom says. It is so big and scary! Maybe it is a wolf, Sue says. Do you think it is friendly? Tom wants to find out. He walks to the dog and tries to rub its head. The dog growls and snaps at him. Tom runs back to Sue. Ouch, that dog is mean! Tom says. It bit me! Sue is worried. She looks at Toms hand. It has a small cut. She takes out a tissue and wraps it around the cut. Lets go home, Sue says. Mom can help you. They walk to the gate. The dog follows them. It barks and jumps. Tom and Sue are scared. Go away, bad dog! Tom shouts. A man comes to the park. He has a leash and a collar. He sees the dog and the twins. Hey, thats my dog! the man says. What are you doing with him? He runs to the dog and puts the leash and the collar on him. He pulls the dog away from the twins. Im sorry, he escaped from the yard, the man says. He is not a wolf, he is a cheap mutt. He is not mean, he is just playful. Tom and Sue do not believe him. They think the dog is a wolf and a mean one. They run to their mom and tell her what happened. Mom hugs them and gives them a cookie. She says they are brave and smart. She says they should not rub strange dogs, even if they look like wolves. She says they should always stay away from cheap mutts.Mia and Sam were twins who liked to play in the garden. They had a big peach tree that gave them sweet and juicy peaches in the summer. But today, the sky was gloomy and the wind was cold. They could not go outside and have fun. Im bored, Mia said, leaning on the window and looking at the peach tree. I wish we could pick some peaches and eat them. Me too, Sam said, leaning on the other window and making faces. But Mom said we have to stay inside until the rain stops. They heard a knock on the door. It was their friend Leo, who lived next door. He had a big smile and a basket in his hand. Hi, Mia and Sam, Leo said. I have a surprise for you. Do you want to see? Yes, please, Mia and Sam said, running to the door. Leo opened the basket and showed them what was inside. It was full of peaches! Wow, Leo, where did you get these? Mia asked, picking up a peach and smelling it. My grandpa has a peach farm. He gave me some to share with you. He said peaches are good for gloomy days. They make you happy and healthy, Leo said, handing them each a peach. Thank you, Leo. You are very kind, Sam said, biting into his peach and smiling. The three friends sat on the floor and ate their peaches. They talked and laughed and forgot about the gloomy sky. They felt warm and cozy and happy. They decided that peaches were their favorite fruit.Lily liked to watch television with her big sister. They saw many things on the screen, like animals, people, and colors. Sometimes they laughed, sometimes they learned, and sometimes they sang along. One day, Lily found a bottle of water with a spray on it. She wondered what it could do. She pressed the button and saw a mist come out. She thought it was fun and tried to spray the air, the plants, and the toys. Then she had an idea. She wanted to see what would happen if she sprayed the television. She ran to the living room and aimed the bottle at the screen. She pressed the button and saw the water hit the television. She heard a loud noise and saw sparks. She was scared and dropped the bottle. Her big sister came and saw what happened. She was angry and sad. She told Lily that the television was delicate and that water could break it. She said that Lily should not spray things that could get hurt or damaged. She said that Lily should say sorry and help clean up. Lily felt bad and said sorry. She hugged her big sister and helped wipe the water. She learned her lesson and never sprayed the television again. She only sprayed things that liked water, like flowers, or herself. She still liked to watch television with her big sister, but only from a safe distance.Once there was a tough cable. It was so tough that it could shine even in the darkest places. One day it decided to go on an adventure. It travelled down steep hills, over valleys and up high mountains. As it travelled, it shone brightly. Everywhere it went people stopped and looked. They were amazed at how it could brighten up the world. Finally, the tough cable reached the top of the highest mountain. It shone so brightly that its light reached the stars in the sky. It was so happy. It was proud of its journey and the places it had seen. The brave cable stayed there, shining with courage and happiness forever.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved playing soccer with his friends. One day, Timmys team won a big game and they got a trophy. The trophy was yellow and shiny. Timmy was so happy that he yelled with joy! He couldnt wait to show his trophy to his mom and dad. They were proud of him too. Timmy put his trophy on his shelf and admired it every day.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily who loved to play outside. One cold winter day, Lily wanted to go outside and build a snowman. Her mom said, It is too cold outside, Lily. You should stay inside. Lily was sad and said, I really want to build a snowman. Please, can I go outside? Her mom said, No, you might get too cold. Im sorry, Lily. Lily started to cry and said, But I will regret it. Her mom said, Why dont you put on some warm clothes, and I can help you build a snowman right here in the living room. You can use your Thomas and Friends toys to provide extra help. Lily was very grateful and she put on a hat, mittens, and a warm coat. Together, she and her mom made the most beautiful snowman. Lily smiled and said, Thank you for helping me, Mama. Im glad I didnt have to go outside in the cold. Mama hugged her and said, Me too.Once upon a time there was a charming little girl named Sarah. She was only three years old and loved to explore around her house. One day, Sarah decided to open the refrigerator, which had so many interesting things inside. When she opened it, suddenly a friendly voice said, âœHello Sarah, what can I do for you?â Sarah was so surprised she stepped back and looked around. âœWho said that?â Sarah said. The voice answered, âœI did, I am your refrigerator.â Sarah was so excited to talk to her refrigerator and asked, âœWhat can I get from you?â The refrigerator answered, âœYou can get whatever food and drinks you like. What would you like?â Sarah thought for a minute and said, âœCan I have a juice please?â So, the refrigerator gave her a tasty juice and she thanked it. Sarah and the refrigerator had a lovely conversation and she realized that the refrigerator was really charming. From that day onward, Sarah and her refrigerator talked to each other whenever she opened the refrigerator door.Once upon a time, there was a creative boy named Tim. He loved to play with his toys and make up fun games. One day, he found a shiny toy called a laser. The laser was very special and could make pretty colors on the wall. Tim had a lot of fun playing with the laser. He liked to make the colors dance and spin around. But Tims mom told him to be careful. She said the laser could burn things if he was not careful with it. Tim listened to his mom and played with the laser safely. He was very creative and made up new games to play with it. All the kids in the neighborhood loved to watch Tims colorful laser show. Everyone was happy, and Tim learned how to have fun with his laser while being safe.One day, Jack and Jill were out for a drive in their car. They drove through a long, dark tunnel. Wow, this tunnel is so dark, said Jack. He could not see the end. This looks like a tube, said Jill. Yes, it does! Its like a silly underground rollercoaster, Jack replied. They both laughed and enjoyed the ride. Suddenly, they heard a loud noise. What was that? asked Jack, scared. I think it was just a silly train passing by, Jill said. After a few more minutes, they finally made it out of the tunnel and back into the light. Look, we made it! Jack said, relieved. That was a silly tube, said Jill, still laughing. Jack and Jill drove home, smiling and excited about their drive.Once there was a lonely marble resting at the top of a hill. It watched the day pass and all the other marbles rolling around together having fun. The lonely marble wished it had someone to play with too. Until one day, a person came and poured a bucket full of marbles right next to the lonely marble. Now the lonely marble was no longer alone. The two marbles rolled around together and enjoyed the sunny day. They chatted about the things they had seen in the world around them and made lots of good memories. The marbles stayed friends for a long time and every day, more and more marbles from the bucket joined them in playing. They were so happy to be together. The lonely marble was no longer lonely and no two marbles were ever happier!Sara and Tom were friends who liked to play outside. They had a group of toys that they shared. One day, they found a new toy in the grass. It was a star that could shine in different colors. Wow, look at this! Sara said. It is so pretty and bright. Can I have it? Tom looked at the star and liked it too. He wanted to play with it too. But he saw that Sara was very happy. He was a humble boy who did not like to fight. Okay, you can have it, he said. But can we take turns? Sara smiled and hugged Tom. She was a kind girl who liked to share. Of course, we can take turns, she said. You are a good friend. Thank you. They played with the star for a long time. They made it shine in different colors and shapes. They had a lot of fun. They put the star in their group of toys and promised to play with it again. They were happy and grateful.Timmy was afraid. He didnt like the dark. He felt like he was peeking into something that he wasnt supposed to see. He curled up in the corner and tried not to look. Just then, Timmys mom came in. She had seen his face and she knew he was scared. Whats wrong, my little one? she asked. Timmy trembled. Im...Im afraid. His mom hugged him and said, You dont have to be afraid. Im here to keep you safe. She turned on the light, and Timmy felt better. Lets take a peek around, she said. Timmy smiled and they went to explore the room. His mom held his hand, and he felt less fearful. Its alright, she said. I will always be here to protect you. Timmy nodded. He knew that his mom would keep him safe, no matter what.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to draw and write with her crayons. One day, she wanted to write a letter to her grandma to say how much she loved her. But when she picked up her crayon, it was broken and hurt her hand. Lily was sad and didnt know what to do. Then her mom came in with a cup of cocoa. She gave it to Lily and said, Drink this, it will make you feel better. Lily drank the cocoa and felt warm and happy inside. She decided to try writing again, but this time with a new crayon. She wrote a beautiful letter to her grandma and gave it to her mom to mail. Her grandma was so happy to get the letter and called to say how much she loved it. Lily was happy too, knowing that her grandma knew how much she loved her.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. He liked to play with his toys and run around in the park. One day, Timmy saw a big barrel in the park. It was scary looking and he didnt want to go near it. Timmys friend Billy came over and asked him why he was scared. Timmy told Billy about the scary barrel. Billy said, Lets see if we can fit inside the barrel! Timmy was hesitant at first, but he trusted Billy and they both tried to fit inside the barrel. It was a tight squeeze, but they managed to fit! They started to giggle and laugh inside the barrel. It wasnt scary anymore! They played inside the barrel for a while until it was time to go home. Timmy realized that sometimes things can be scary at first, but if you try them out, they can be really fun!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside and look at bugs with her brown microscope. One day, she found a caterpillar and showed it to her mom. Mommy, look at the little caterpillar! Can we raise it and watch it turn into a butterfly? Lily asked. Yes, we can, her mom said with a smile. So, they put the caterpillar in a jar and watched it every day. But one morning, Lily woke up to find that the caterpillar had died. She was very sad and cried. Im sorry, Lily. Sometimes things dont go the way we want them to, her mom said, trying to comfort her. Lily was still sad, but she knew that her caterpillar was now in a better place. She would always remember the little brown bug that she tried to raise into a butterfly.One day, a little girl named Sue went for a walk. She saw her mom doing laundry. Sue wanted to help, but her mom said, No, you are too small. Sue was sad, but she kept walking. She saw a big, spoiled dog. The dog had a dirty shirt in his mouth. Sue thought, This dog needs help with his laundry, too! Sue walked up to the dog and said, Give me the shirt, and I will help you. The dog gave Sue the shirt. Sue took the shirt to her mom. Her mom smiled and said, You can help with this one. Sue was happy, and she and her mom washed the dogs shirt together.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside and chase butterflies. One day, she found a yellow flower and picked it. But when she got home, she realized she had accidentally plucked the whole plant, including the roots. Feeling bad, Lily went back to the garden and put the flower back in the ground. She said sorry to the plant and asked it to forgive her. The plant forgave her and soon grew bigger and stronger than ever before. As Lily was walking back home, she stumbled upon a skull lying on the ground. She was scared and didnt know what to do. But then she remembered what her mom had told her about forgiveness. She forgave the skull for scaring her and continued on her way home, happy to have learned a valuable lesson about forgiveness.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One evening, she went outside to play with her pink ball. She was having so much fun bouncing it around when she heard a noise. Hello? she called out. Hello, Lily, said her neighbor, Mrs. Johnson. What a pretty ball you have there. Thank you, said Lily. Do you want to play with me? I would love to, said Mrs. Johnson. And so, they played together until the sun went down and it was time for Lily to go to bed. She fell asleep with her pink ball beside her, happy to have made a new friend.Anna likes to print pictures with her crayons. She has many colors and papers. She prints flowers, stars, and animals. She shows her pictures to her mom and dad. They say, Wow, Anna, you are very good at printing! One day, Anna wants to print a fork. She thinks forks are funny and shiny. She finds a fork in the kitchen and puts it on a paper. She tries to print the fork with a crayon, but it does not work. The fork is too hard and the crayon is too soft. Anna pushes harder and harder, but the paper rips and the crayon breaks. Anna is sad and angry. She picks up the fork and throws it on the floor. She says, Bad fork! You are a mean fork! You do not let me print you! But the fork bounces back and hits Anna on the leg. Anna feels a sharp pain. She cries out, Ow, ow, ow! The fork hurt me! The fork hurt me! Her mom hears her cry and runs to the kitchen. She sees Anna holding her leg and the fork on the floor. She says, Oh, Anna, what happened? Why did you throw the fork? She picks up Anna and hugs her. She looks at her leg and sees a small cut. She says, Its okay, Anna, its just a little cut. I will put a bandaid on it and it will heal soon. But you should not throw forks, Anna. Forks are not toys. Forks are for eating, not for printing. They can hurt you and others. Anna nods and says, Im sorry, mom. I was mad at the fork. I wanted to print it, but it did not work. I will not throw forks again. I will only print with crayons and papers. Her mom smiles and says, Thats good, Anna. I love your prints. They are very pretty and creative. But next time, if you want to print something else, ask me first. I can help you find a better way. Anna hugs her mom and says, Thank you, mom. You are the best mom. Can I print you a picture of a fork? Her mom laughs and says, Sure, Anna. But only with crayons and papers.Once upon a time, there were two friends named Bob and John. Bob had some gas he wanted to sell. He asked John if he wanted to buy it, but John didnt have any money. Then Bob had an idea. He knew some rich people near the town who might want to buy it. So, Bob and John went to find them. When they arrived at the rich peoples house, Bob asked if they wanted to buy his gas. The rich people were very happy and bought the gas from Bob. Bob gave the money to John and thanked him for going with him. With the money, John bought some yummy treats for himself and Bob. They both had a great time!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to read books, especially ones about princesses and dragons. One day, her mom gave her a present. It was a big box wrapped in pretty paper with a bow on top. Lily was so excited to open it! When she tore off the paper, she saw a delicious cake inside. Wow, Mommy! This cake looks so yummy! Lily exclaimed. Can we eat it now? Not yet, sweetie, replied her mom. We have to wait until after dinner. But you can have a small piece after you finish your vegetables. Lily nodded and went back to reading her book. She couldnt wait to have a slice of that delicious cake later!Philip was looking around his bedroom, feeling bored. He wanted to play with something new but he didnt what. Then he saw it a small magnet lying on the floor. He picked it up and looked closely at it. Just then, his big sister Emma walked in and saw him. She said, Thats mine! Give it back! Philip shook his head and held it close. Emma crossed her arms and said, Philip, give it back. Thats not nice. Its selfish to keep it when I want it. Philip looked down at the magnet and thought it over. Finally, he said, I can add it to my collection. Then we can both have it. Emma smiled and said, Thats a good idea. We can have fun with it together. Philip happily nodded his head and held tight onto the new magnet. Now they both had something they could share.Lily was a brave girl. She liked to play with her dolls and her bike. But one day, she fell off her bike and hurt her arm. It was very sore and she cried a lot. Her mom and dad took her to the hospital. There were many people and machines there. Lily was scared. She did not like the hospital. She wanted to go home. A nice lady with a white coat came to see Lily. She said she was a doctor. She looked at Lilys arm and said she needed a bandage. She also gave Lily a sticker and a lollipop. Lily smiled a little. The doctor said Lily had to stay in the hospital for a while. She showed Lily a bed with a curtain. She said Lily could sleep there and watch TV. She also said Lily could have a visitor. Lily thought of her best friend, Max. He had a toy car that he liked to show her. She wondered if he could come to the hospital. She asked her mom and dad. They said yes, but they had a surprise for Lily. They said Max was already in the hospital. He was in another bed, hidden by a curtain. He had a cold and had to rest. Lily was happy and surprised. She wanted to see Max. She managed to get up from her bed and walk to his bed. She pulled the curtain and saw Max. He was happy and surprised too. He showed Lily his toy car. He also gave Lily a hug. Lily and Max played with the toy car and watched TV. They forgot about their hurts and their fears. They were glad they had each other. They were brave together.Once upon a time, there was a sweet little girl named Sarah. She was 3 years old and loved to play with her mom and dad. One night, Mom and Dad decided to surprise Sarah with some special popcorn. They bought her some special popcorn with lots of chocolate and sprinkles and they were very thoughtful. Sarah was so excited when she saw the popcorn and she wanted to learn how to make it. Mom said, Sarah, lets create some popcorn together. Follow me and well do it together.â So Sarah and Mom went to the kitchen and they started to make the popcorn. First they added some oil to the pot, then they poured the popcorn, and put the pot over the fire. Sarah watched and waited until the popcorn was ready. The popcorn smelled so delicious and it was filled with a magical smell. Finally, when the popcorn was ready, Sarah was so excited that she jumped and clapped her hands. Mom and Dad gave Sarah some popcorn and she enjoyed it. From that day forward, Sarah always looked forward to making popcorn with her Mom and Dad.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved Christmas because she got to see Santa and his reindeer. One day, Lily went outside to play in the snow. It was very wet and she got all wet too. As she was playing, she saw a reindeer stuck in the snow. Oh no! she said. Reindeer, are you okay? The reindeer tried to get up but it was too slippery. Lily ran inside to get her dad. Dad, come quick! Theres a reindeer outside and its stuck in the snow! Her dad came outside and saw the reindeer. We have to help it, he said. They tried to push the reindeer out but it was too heavy. Just then, Santa came flying by in his sleigh. Ho ho ho! What seems to be the problem? he asked. Lily told him about the reindeer and Santa said he would help. He landed his sleigh and with his magic, he lifted the reindeer out of the snow. Thank you, Santa! Lily said. Santa smiled and said, Merry Christmas!Once upon a time, Ali asked her mommy if she could go play with her friends. Her mom said yes, but told Ali to invite them over to their house. Ali was so excited and ran over to her friends house. When she got there, all of her friends were so happy to see her. She invited them to her house for a play date. They happily said yes! At the house, everyone played fun games together and laughed a lot. After the games, Ali gave everyone big hugs. The hugs were so warm and so hard. The day was such a success. Everyone agreed that it was the best play date ever. Ali and her friends agreed to have another play date soon.Sara and Ben are twins. They like to play with their toys in their room. They have many toys, but their favorite is a big train. The train is modern. It can make sounds and lights. It can go fast or slow. One day, Sara and Ben want to play with the train. But they cannot find the remote. The remote is what makes the train move. They look under the bed, in the closet, and in the drawers. They cannot find the remote anywhere. Where is the remote? Sara asks Ben. I dont know, Ben says. Maybe we lost it. Sara feels sad. She loves the train. She hopes they can find the remote soon. She puts her thumb in her mouth. She does that when she is sad or scared. Ben sees Saras thumb. He knows she is sad. He wants to make her happy. He thinks hard. He has an idea. Hey, Sara, he says. We dont need the remote. We can play with the train without it. How? Sara asks. She takes her thumb out of her mouth. Look, Ben says. He picks up the train. He makes sounds with his mouth. He makes the train go around the room. He makes the train stop and go. He makes the train say choochoo. Sara smiles. She thinks Ben is funny. She picks up another train. She makes sounds with her mouth too. She makes the train follow Bens train. She makes the train say hello. Sara and Ben play with the trains for a long time. They forget about the remote. They have fun. They are happy.One day, Catie went outside to play. She wanted to have fun in the sun. Catie saw a spoon on the ground. She was excited and wanted to pick it up. But it was dangerous, and Catie was scared. Catie ran away, but then she saw a butterfly. It was so beautiful that Catie stopped and looked. The butterfly flew away, and Catie felt sad. She wanted to follow it, but it was too far away. Catie started to walk home. She was searching for something in the sky. Then she saw a rainbow! Catie felt very happy and smiled. She hoped and hoped that it wouldnt go away. And it didnt! The rainbow stayed for a long time and Catie was so happy. She wished she had her own spoon so she could catch the rainbow. But, it was still a beautiful day, so Catie was content.One day, Jimmy was walking down the street with his parents. He saw a vendor selling all sorts of colourful things. Jimmy was so excited. He wanted to buy it all! Jimmys dad said, You can pick one thing Jimmy. What do you want? Jimmy pointed at a bright yellow item on the vendors table and said, Please! I want that! They bought it and made their way home. When they got back, Jimmy asked his mom to help him decorate his room with his new item. His mom smiled and said, Yes, of course! So they got to decorating. Jimmys mom hung up the item on the wall and put some stickers around it. It was looking very beautiful and cheerful. Jimmy smiled and clapped his hands loudly. He was so happy with how it turned out. He jumped around and said, My room looks so nice now! Thank you mommy!Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy who loved to eat candy. One day, Timmy was eating a piece of candy when he felt a sharp pain in his tooth. He cried out and his mom came running to see what was wrong. Timmys mom looked in his mouth and saw that there was a big hole in his tooth. She knew they had to go to the dentist to fix it, but Timmy was scared. He had never been to the dentist before and the thought of someone poking around in his mouth was unknown and scary. But Timmys mom knew what to do. She gave him a big hug and told him that the dentist was there to help him. She explained that the dentist would use special tools to fix his tooth and make it feel better. Timmy felt a little bit better knowing that the dentist was going to help him, so they went to the dentists office together. When they got there, the dentist was very kind and gentle. He showed Timmy all of the tools he was going to use and explained what each one did. Timmy was still a little bit scared, but he trusted the dentist to make his tooth feel better. And sure enough, after a few minutes, the dentist was able to fix Timmys tooth and make the pain go away. Timmy was so happy and relieved that he gave the dentist a big hug and thanked him for helping him.Once upon a time there was a clumsy bear who loved to play with his friends. One day the bear found some colorful pins and he wanted to make something special with them. He decided to try and fold the pins but he was having difficulty. The bear asked a friendly rabbit for help. The rabbit smiled and said âœLet me show you how itâs done.â Then the rabbit carefully and carefully folded all the pins together. The bear was impressed and said âœWow, that was amazing! Iâll try it myself!â The bear tried his best to fold the pins but he was too clumsy and they didnât stay together. âœOh no!â he said. But the rabbit was still patient and encouraging. Eventually the bear was able to make something beautiful using the pins heâd folded. The bear thanked the rabbit and said âœIâve made something great! Thank you for teaching me how to do it!â The rabbit was happy to help and said âœYou did it! Now you can make lots of things with pins!â The bear and the rabbit became great friends and would often play with pins together. The bear was so proud of all the wonderful things he could make with his pins and his new friend.Once there was a naughty boy who lived in a small town. He loved to play pranks on people and one day he decided to put a rock in the mailbox. He thought it would be funny, so he laughed and grinned. The mailman saw the naughty boy and he knew what the boy was doing. He was very angry and he ran to get the town mayor. The mayor was angry too and he ordered the naughty boy to leave the town. The naughty boy was very sad. He didnt want to go and he tried to explain it was only a joke, but the mayor wouldnt listen. He shrugged his shoulders and sadly said goodbye. The naughty boy never saw his town again. He was never allowed back and no one would ever forgive him for what he did. He had a bad ending and he never learned his lesson.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to walk in the park with her mommy and daddy. One day, they went to the park to have a picnic and eat some yummy food. They had sandwiches, fruit, and cookies. While they were eating, a group of birds came and started to eat their food. Lily got scared and shouted, Go away, birds! But the birds didnt listen and kept eating. Daddy got angry and threw a rock at the birds to scare them away. But he accidentally hit one of the birds and it fell down. Lily felt sad and told her daddy that it was not nice to hurt the birds. Daddy said sorry and they all went home. Lily learned that its important to be kind to animals and not to hurt them. She also learned that throwing things is not a good way to solve problems. From then on, they always made sure to clear their food away from the birds.Once upon a time, there was a little seed. The seed was very small and brown. The seed was sad because it wanted to be a flower. One day, the seed was planted in the ground. It was covered with dirt and watered with rain. Soon, the seed began to grow. It grew taller and taller until it became a plant. The plant had leaves and a stem. One day, the plant bloomed into a beautiful flower. The flower was pink and had a sweet smell. The flower was happy, but then a grumpy bug came along. The bug wanted to eat the flower, but the flower had a shield. The shield was made of strong petals that protected the flower. The bug tried and tried, but it couldnt eat the flower. The flower was safe and happy once again.Once upon a time there was a troubled tiger. The tiger didnt like the jungle. He wanted to find a better place to live. So one day the tiger zipped away to find a new home. First he zipped to a mountain. But the mountain wasnt nice. So the tiger zipped again and this time he found a valley. It looked really nice. He thought it might be a good place to live. But then the tiger saw a little girl, playing in the valley. The tiger was scared. He didnt want to hurt the girl, so he zipped away. Finally, the tiger found a perfect place to live, all by himself. He was happy and no longer troubled. And he lived happily ever after.Once upon a time, there was a fragile girl. She loved to climb trees, but one day she got too high. She tried to come down, but felt scared. She tried to laugh, but instead she shrugged. Suddenly, she started to fall. She screamed and grabbed for a branch, but it was too far away. She kept falling until she hit the ground. When she opened her eyes, she saw a kind lady. She helped the fragile girl up and gave her a big hug. The girl felt better, and she soon smiled again. Since that day, the girl doesnt climb as high. She still loves to climb, but she knows when to stop. The girl still shrugs sometimes, but its usually with a smile!Once upon a time, there was a duck named Ducky. Ducky liked to row in the pond. One day, Ducky saw his friend Bunny driving a car. Bunny asked Ducky if he wanted to come for a ride. Ducky said yes and hopped in the car. Bunny drove the car around and they had a funny time. After the ride, Ducky went back to rowing in the pond, happy to have had a new adventure with his friend Bunny.Anna and Ben are twins. They like to play with toys. They have many toys in their room. But they are not organized. They leave their toys everywhere. Mom is not happy. One day, Mom says, Anna and Ben, you need to clean your room. It is too messy. If you clean your room, you will receive a surprise. Anna and Ben want a surprise. They think it is a new toy. They start to clean their room. They put their toys in boxes and shelves. They work hard. But they have a problem. They both want the same toy. It is a big yellow bus. They like to make noises with the bus. They like to drive the bus around the room. They both say, This is my bus. I want to play with it. They start to fight. They pull the bus. They push each other. They yell. Mom hears them. She comes to their room. She sees the mess. She sees the bus. She is not happy. She says, Anna and Ben, stop fighting. You are not organized. You did not clean your room. You did not listen to me. You will not receive a surprise. You will go to bed early. Anna and Ben are sad. They say, Sorry, Mom. We are sorry. We will share the bus. We will clean our room. We will be organized. Please, can we have a surprise? Mom thinks. She says, OK. I will give you one more chance. But you have to finish cleaning your room. And you have to be nice to each other. And you have to wait until tomorrow for the surprise. Anna and Ben agree. They hug Mom. They hug each other. They finish cleaning their room. They put the bus on the shelf. They say, Thank you, Mom. We love you. We wonder what the surprise is. Mom smiles. She says, You will see tomorrow. Good night, Anna and Ben. Sleep well. She turns off the light. She leaves the room. Anna and Ben go to bed. They dream of the surprise. They hope it is a new toy. They hope it is a big yellow bus.Once upon a time, there was a big bear named Benny. He loved to eat olives. One day, he went to the forest to find some olives to eat. But he couldnt find any! Benny met a little bird named Lily. Hi, Lily! Can you help me solve my problem? Benny asked. Sure, whats the problem? Lily replied. Im hungry and I want to eat olives, but I cant find any, Benny said. Oh, I know where to find some olives! Follow me, Lily said. Lily flew to a tree and showed Benny where the olives were. Benny was so happy and said, Thank you, Lily! You solved my problem! Benny ate all the olives and felt very full. From that day on, Benny and Lily were good friends.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to wear her pink belt with sparkles on it. One day, she saw her brother wearing a heavy tool belt. Wow, your belt is so heavy! she said to him. Yeah, Im testing it out to see if it will hold all of my tools, he replied. Lily thought for a moment and then asked, Can I help you test it? Sure, but be careful, her brother warned. Lily helped her brother test the belt and they found out that it was strong enough to hold all of his tools. She learned that sometimes its important to test things before using them. The moral of the story is to always be safe and smart when trying new things.Tom and Lily are playing in the park. They like to ride their bikes on the grass and the dirt. They have fun going fast and making turns. But then, Toms bike makes a loud noise. He stops and looks at his tire. It has a big hole in it. He is sad and angry. He says, My tire is broken! I cant ride my bike anymore! Lily comes to see what is wrong. She sees the hole in Toms tire. She says, Im sorry, Tom. That is not good. Maybe we can fix it. She looks around and sees a piece of tape on a bench. She runs to get it. She says, This tape can help. We can put it on your tire and make it better. She tries to tear the tape with her teeth, but it is too hard. She says, This tape is too strong. I cant tear it. We need scissors. Tom says, I have scissors in my backpack. They are important. I use them for school and for crafts. I will get them for you. He goes to his backpack and opens it. He finds his scissors and brings them to Lily. He says, Here are my scissors. Be careful with them. They are sharp. Lily says, Thank you, Tom. You are a good friend. I will be careful with your scissors. I will use them to tear the tape and fix your tire. She takes the scissors and cuts a piece of tape. She puts it on Toms tire and presses it hard. She says, There. I think it is fixed. Try to ride your bike and see if it works. Tom gets on his bike and rides it slowly. He says, It works! It works! The tape fixed my tire. You are a smart and kind friend, Lily. Thank you for helping me. Lily smiles and says, Youre welcome, Tom. Im glad your bike works. Lets ride together and have more fun. They ride their bikes on the grass and the dirt. They have fun going fast and making turns. They are happy and proud. They are good friends.Once upon a time, there was a cow named Betsy. Betsy was worried because she couldnt find a good spot to lay down and sleep. She walked around the field, looking for a soft spot to rest her tired legs. Suddenly, she saw her friend, the horse, and asked him, Do you know where I can lay down and sleep? The horse replied, Im sorry, Betsy, but I dont know. Why dont you ask the farmer? Betsy went to the farmer and asked him, Can you help me find a good spot to lay down and sleep? The farmer said, Of course, Betsy. Follow me. The farmer showed Betsy a cozy spot under a big tree. Betsy was so happy and grateful that she thanked the farmer and lay down to sleep. She slept peacefully, without a worry in the world.Once upon a time there was a comet flying in the sky. It flew so high, it was almost out of sight. One day it spotted a family down below. The family was not very nice, they were very spoiled and mean. The comet didnt like what it saw, so it decided to help the family. It shone with a bright light and flew down to the family. The comet supported them by giving them love and kindness. The family was very surprised. They had never had someone be so kind to them before. The comet was happy to help them, since it wasnt used to being so strong and kind. The family felt much better after the comet supported them. They started to be nicer to each other and they were no longer spoiled and mean. They were so thankful to the comet and they would never forget it. The comet was glad that it could help the family. From that day on, it would always look out for families that needed support, no matter how high it flew in the sky.Once upon a time, there was a chubby little boy. His name was Jack, and he loved to play. Jack especially loved to soar in the sky. One day, Jack decided he wanted to stand on top of a hill and imagine himself soaring higher than ever before. He climbed the hill and used his imagination. He imagined he was wearing a red cape and would fly like a bird. Suddenly, Jack heard a noise. It was a clown down at the bottom of the hill! The clown said, Hello, young man! Would you like to come and fly with me? Jack was so excited to see the clown and he eagerly agreed. The clown held Jacks hands and they both started to soar in the sky. Jack felt like he was flying with a real bird! They soared so high, and then flew lower and lower until they both landed. Jack thanked the clown for a wonderful day, and the clown said, You can do it anytime! Whenever you want to feel free, just come back here and use your imagination! Jack smiled, gave the clown one more big hug and went back home feeling happy and so proud of himself.Once upon a time, there was a stubborn little rabbit who lived close to the shore. The rabbit loved to explore, but his parents were always warning him to be careful. If you go close to the water, you will get in trouble!â they said. One beautiful morning, the rabbit was looking at the shore and saw something very exciting a pile of big rocks! He decided it would be fun to build something with them, so he started gathering rocks and piling them up. Just then, his parents came running up to him. âœWhat do you think youre doing?â they shouted. You could get hurt if you play so close to the water!â The rabbit didnt give in. He was being stubborn and kept on building. Suddenly, the ground beneath him started to shake and he started to fall into the icy water! The rabbitâs parents were very scared and grabbed him before he got hurt. The moral of the story is to always listen to your parents and be careful when you are playing near the water!Once upon a time there was a clumsy village with a secret. All of the villagers would whisper about it together and nobody else knew what it was. One day a three year old child came to the village. Her name was Daisy and she was very curious. She asked the villagers, What is your secret? The villagers all looked at each other and laughed. Then one of them said, Only if you are very brave can you find out our secret! Daisy was excited, so she said, I am brave! The villagers showed Daisy to a big tree in the middle of the village. They said, The secret is in the hollow of the tree. Daisy was scared, but she was brave. She walked to the tree and whispered, Hello? Suddenly, a friendly voice replied from inside the tree, Hello there! I am a magical fairy. I will grant you three wishes! Daisy was so happy and she ran around the village, shouting, I found the magical fairy!Once there was a bright bird. She sat in the tree singing a beautiful song. As she sang, she was looking out for her best friend. All of a sudden, she heard a voice coming from far away. Whats the truth? The voice asked. The little bird was so happy to see who was talking. It was her friend! She flew down from the tree and quickly sat by her friend. Friend, I know the truth! The little bird said with a smile. What is it? Her friend asked. I know that the world is a wonderful place and that we should be kind to all the living creatures. Her friend nodded with agreement and then the two happily flew off together into the bright sky.Bob had a new bag. He was very proud of it. It was big and reliable. Bob wanted to use the bag to carry his toys to school. So, every day he put his toys into the bag. At school, Bob would take out his toys and play with them. When he was done playing, he put them back into the bag. The bag was reliable. It never lost any of Bobs toys. At the end of the day he would use the bag to carry his toys home. Bob enjoyed using the bag because it was so reliable. He trusted it to keep his special toys safely with him.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to go to the beach and play in the sand. He always looked for crabs, but he never found one. One day, Timmy went to the beach with his mom and dad. They brought a picnic lunch and a big umbrella to keep the sun away. Timmy was excited to play in the sand and look for crabs. As they were setting up their things, Timmys dad told him to be careful because there might be crabs hiding in the sand. Timmy remembered what his dad said and started looking very carefully. Suddenly, Timmy saw a crab walking slowly towards him. He got so excited that he yelled for his mom and dad to come see. They all gathered around and watched the little crab walk back into the ocean. Timmy was so happy that he found a crab and couldnt wait to come back to the beach again.Once upon a time there was a foot. It belonged to a little boy. Everyday, the boy would zoom around on his foot. Everyone thought it was so polite of him. But one day, his foot went too fast. He zoomed across the garden, through the park and around the pond. His foot was going so fast that it was almost magic. Suddenly it stopped. The little boy was out of breath. He opened his eyes and saw a rainbow and a butterfly. He smiled at all the beautiful colours around him. After that, the boy zoomed around the garden, park and pond in a very polite way. He was careful this time and smiled the whole time. He had learned that sometimes you need to slow down and appreciate the world around you. The end.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to watch movies. One day, he went to the store and saw a movie he wanted. He grabbed it and went home. When Timmy got home, he started to watch the movie. But it was a sad movie and it made him feel sad too. Timmy didnt like feeling sad, so he turned off the movie and went to bed. The next day, Timmy wanted to watch the movie again. But when he looked for it, he couldnt find it. He looked and looked, but it was gone. Timmy was sad again. He never found his favorite movie and he never felt happy again. The end.Once there was a lazy bear who liked to sleep all day and play all night. He was always playing very noisily, so one day his mom said, You cant play late anymore. Time for bed! The bear was sad and he made a big mark on the wall to show how angry he was. His mom got angry and said, Thats not nice! So the bear tried to break the mark, but he couldnt. His mom said, If you cant break it, then you have to stay in your room and be quiet. The bear was mad, but he didnt want to break anything else. So he stayed in his room and tried to be quiet. But it was hard and he was so lazy! He wanted to play all day. Then he had an idea. He got a cloth and tried to clean the mark off the wall. After a few scrubbing and some soap, the mark was gone! His mom was so happy that the bear had done it without breaking anything. She said, Good bear. You can go play now. The bear was so excited and he wasnt lazy anymore. He ran outside and played all day!Once upon a time, there was a duck named Quack. Quack loved to swim in the pond with his friends. One day, Quacks friend, Mr. Frog, came to him and said, Quack, I need your help. My lily pad is too big and I cant cut it by myself. Quack said, I can help you cut it, Mr. Frog. So, Quack and Mr. Frog went to the lily pad and Quack cut it with his sharp beak. But then, they realized that they made a mess and the pieces were everywhere. Quack said, We need to organize these pieces. So, they worked together to organize the pieces of the lily pad. They were happy and proud of their work. From that day on, Quack and Mr. Frog were even better friends.Once there was a little boy called Tom. Tom was 3 and he was starting school for the first time. As Tom walked into the classroom, he gazed around in wonder. All the desks and chairs looked big and new. Tom saw some other children in the classroom. They all seemed very friendly. Tom was about to go and say hello when he saw one of them take out a big box of chocolates. The boy was being very selfish and wouldnt share them with the other children. Tom was very sad to see this happen. So he decided to do something. Instead of taking some chocolates, he asked everyone to come and sit in a circle. Then, he shared out all the chocolates between everyone and nobody felt left out. Tom smiled. It felt good to do something kind. Everyone was happy and they were all friends by the end of the day. Tom enjoyed his first day of school and he knew that everyone else had a great time too.Once upon a time there was a hairy jewel. It was so beautiful the little girl wanted to take it home. She ran to it, but it was just out of reach. She frowned and tried to stretch just a bit more. Suddenly, she heard a noise. She looked around, and saw a furry creature come out of the trees. It had a big smile on its face and it was holding the glittery jewel. The furry creature said it was the owner of the jewel, and it wanted it back. The little girl argued, but the furry creature shook its head. It said she could not have the jewel. The little girl frowned. She made a sad face, but the furry creature did not seem to notice. The furry creature said they both should find another jewel to share. The little girls frown disappeared and was replaced with a smile. She agreed, and the two of them searched the field until they found a sparkly jewel together. The two of them smiled as they shared the jewel. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the park. One day, she saw a swing and wanted to try it. She sat on the swing and her daddy pushed her gently. She went up and down, up and down, and it made her very happy. After playing on the swing, Lily went back to her house to draw. She took out her pencil and a piece of paper. She drew a beautiful picture of a flower. She showed it to her mommy, who said it was very pretty. For dinner, Lilys mommy made spaghetti. It was so delicious that Lily ate it all up. She even asked for seconds! After dinner, Lily went to bed, tired from a fun day of swinging, drawing, and eating yummy food.Once upon a time, there was a rail. It was so long, the end couldnt be seen! One day, a little girl wanted to manage it. She wanted to find out where it went! So off she went, walking down the rail. It seemed like a long journey. Everything was dull and boring, until, oops! The girl slipped and slid right off the edge of the rail. She got back up and kept walking. But then she saw something. What was it? It was a big, bright button! She pressed it, and all of a sudden, the rail started to move! It was so cool! The girl was thrilled! The little girl had managed the rail! She got to ride on it and see where it went. When the ride was over, she was so proud of herself! She had managed the rail by herself.Lila and Tom are friends. They like to play in the park. They have a big box. They pretend the box is a car. They travel to different places with the box. One day, Lila wants to travel to the zoo. She puts on her vest. Her vest has animals on it. She says, Tom, lets go to the zoo. I want to see the lions and the monkeys. Tom says, No, Lila. I dont want to go to the zoo. I want to go to the moon. I have a helmet. My helmet is shiny. The moon is shiny too. Lila and Tom start to argue. They both want to drive the box. They pull and push the box. The box breaks. They are sad. They have no car. They look at each other. They say sorry. They hug. They say, We are still friends. We can share. We can take turns. We can travel to the zoo and the moon. They fix the box. They get in the box. They smile. They travel to the zoo and the moon. They have fun. They see lively animals and stars. They are happy.Once upon a time, there was a sleepy cat. The cat liked to sleep all day, every day. One day, the cat met a little girl. The girl said, Come with me, cat! I will lead you to a cozy bed. The cat was happy to follow the girl. The girl took the cat to a soft bed with a warm blanket. The cat snuggled in and closed its eyes. The girl said, Goodnight, sleepy cat. The cat purred and fell asleep. In the morning, the cat woke up feeling happy and rested. It meowed, Thank you for leading me to such a nice bed, little girl. And they became friends forever.Once upon a time, there was a little girl who lived in a house with her mom. She loved her home and thought it was so cute. One day, it got very cold outside, and the girl began to shiver. She asked her mom if they could turn on the heater to make it nice and warm. Her mom smiled and said yes. The little girl was so happy that she jumped up and down with glee. Together, they turned on the heater, and the room filled with warmth and comfort. The little girl stopped shivering and started feeling cozy and safe. She thanked her mom for making her home so warm, and then curled up in her bed. As she closed her eyes, she thought to herself that her house was the coziest one ever!One day, there was a pebble in the garden. It was very small and round. The pebble was very tired and was rolling around in circles. Suddenly, a rabbit appeared. She wanted to play with the pebble, so she hopped over to it and pushed it around. The pebble went far away and got stuck in the ground. The rabbit tried to get it out, but she couldnt. In frustration, she dug around the pebble and destroyed it. The pebble was broken into tiny pieces and scattered in the garden. The rabbit was sad. She had wanted the pebble to play with, not to destroy it! But the pebble was gone forever.Jim was a little boy. He was three years old. He liked to peek around corners and explore. One day Jim peeked around the corner of his home. He saw a black cat curled up in a tidy corner of the garden. The cat was all alone. Jim peeked closer, but the cat didnt move. He wanted to make a friend, so he very slowly crept up, and said, Hi, pussy cat!. The cat flicked its tail, yawned, and then jumped on Jims lap. Jim laughed and petted the black cat, who seemed very happy. Jim and the cat became great friends. Every day they would peek around corners together and explore. They even had tea parties with Jims mom and dad. They were the best of friends and Jim knew hed found an amazing loyal companion in the tidy black cat.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim was very impatient. He always wanted to know what was going on. One day, Tims big sister told him that she had a secret. Tim was very excited and wanted to know the secret right away. Tims sister said, You must wait until after dinner to come with me and see the secret. Tim tried to wait, but he was so impatient. He asked his sister many times if it was time to go see the secret. She kept saying, Not yet, Tim. You must wait. Finally, after dinner, Tims sister said, Now you can come with me to see the secret. Tim jumped up and followed his sister to the backyard. There, in the grass, was a big box with a bow on it. Tims sister said, Surprise! The secret is a new bike for you! Tim was so happy that he had waited for the secret. He knew that good things come to those who wait.The three bears were walking through the forest. Mama Bear said, I think I know where we should go! Little Bear guessed, Is it the lake? Is it the woods? Is it the meadow? Mama Bear smiled and said, Guess again! Big Bear said, I think its Grandmas house! Mama Bear said, Thats right! Lets go! They arrived at Grandmas house and she was very happy to see them. Grandma was bossy and said, Lets go inside, I have something special for you all. They walked into the kitchen, and Grandma handed each of them a teaspoon. Little Bear asked, What is this for? Grandma answered, You can use it to eat your soup! Big Bear grinned and said, Yay! Soup! Mama Bear said, Lets eat! And they all sat down to enjoy Grandmas special soup.Once upon a time there was a boy and a girl who were best friends. They liked to play together and were always together. They loved to laugh and have fun. One day, a problem came between them. The boy did something bad and the girl felt hurt. She was so angry she became distant and stopped wanting to play with the boy. The boy was sad. He tried to make her happy but she still stayed distant. Finally, he decided to do something special. He got a treat and took it to the girl. He said he was sorry and asked her to forgive him. The girl was happy and decided to forgive him. She took the treat and they started to play together again. From that day on they were best friends again, and they never let anything come between them.Once upon a time there was a white cow. She loved eating grass and walking in the fields. One day, she saw some gray clouds in the sky. She wondered what the clouds were going to do. Suddenly it started to rain. The white cow was so excited! She loved being in the rain and feeling the drops on her fur. The white cow noticed that the rain was providing a special drink for her. It was a special drink from the clouds called rainwater. She slurped it up and thought it was the best drink ever. The white cow was so thankful for the rain. She was so happy that the clouds provided her with such a special drink.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She lived in a big building with many floors. To go up and down, she used an elevator. It was a big box that moved up and down like a magic carpet. One day, Lily saw a painting on the wall. It was a picture of a beautiful flower. Lily admired the flower and thought it was very pretty. She wished she could have it in her room. But then, Lily saw a sad boy sitting on the floor. He looked like he needed a friend. So, Lily went over to him and said hello. They talked and played together. Lily realized that making someone happy was even better than having a pretty flower.Once there was a crazy ostrich. It was so crazy that it wanted to sign its name. So, one day it got a piece of paper and a pencil, and it wrote its name. The ostrich was really proud of itself. But then the bad man saw the ostrich. He said, That ostrich is too crazy! Im going to take it away. He grabbed the ostrich and took it away to a far away place. The ostrich was so sad that it never saw its family again. The ostrich had tried to sign its name, but it was not a good idea. It was a very bad ending for the ostrich.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She wanted to go to the park to play with her friends, but her mommy said no because it was too late. Lily was sad. The next day, Lilys mommy said they were going to a meeting. Lily didnt know what a meeting was, but she went with her mommy anyway. When they got there, Lily saw a lot of grownups sitting around a big table. Her mommy talked to them for a long time, and Lily got bored. After the meeting, Lilys mommy took her to a store to buy a new toy. Lily saw a doll she really liked, but it was too expensive. Her mommy said they could only get something cheap. Lily was upset, but she found a toy she liked that was on sale. Even though Lily didnt get to go to the park, she was happy she got a new toy. Her mommy permitted her to play with it when they got home. The end.Once upon a time, there was a baby named Lily. She loved to play in her wide crib. One day, her mommy came in and said, Lily, its time to cut your hair. Lily didnt like the sound of that. She said, No, mommy! I dont want to cut my hair! But her mommy said, Dont worry, it wont hurt. Ill just use these scissors to cut a little bit off. Lily watched as her mommy carefully cut her hair. When she was done, Lily looked in the mirror and saw that her hair looked nice and neat. She smiled and said, Thank you, mommy!Once there were two friends, Max and Ken. They were poor but always had fun together. One day, the sun came up and it was very hot. So, Max and Ken decided it was time to part. They said goodbye and Max started walking down the street. Max soon began to feel the heat. He was sweaty and uncomfortable. He felt so poor that he couldnât buy a drink to help cool him off. He kept walking and walking until he finally spotted a small pond. Max ran to the pond and jumped in. The water was so cool and refreshing. He swam around for a while and then just floated on his back. As he floated, he watched the clouds above him. It was so peaceful and relaxing. Max smiled, feeling much better now that he was cool, even though he was still very poor.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. Lily loved to follow her aunt wherever she went. Her aunt was very healthy and strong. They always had fun together. One day, Lily and her aunt went to the park. They saw a big dog. The dog wanted to play with Lily, but she was scared. The dog barked and chased Lily. She did not know what to do. Lilys aunt saw her and ran to help. She told the dog to stop and go away. The dog listened to her and left. Lily was safe now. They went home and told the story to Lilys mom. From that day, Lily knew her aunt would always protect her.Once upon a time, there was a little dog named Max. Max had a toy with a zipper on it. He loved to bite the toy and play with the zipper all day long. One day, Max saw a big, patient cat named Luna. Luna was sitting in the sun, watching Max play with his toy. Max wanted to be friends with Luna, so he took his toy to her. Max showed Luna how to bite the toy and play with the zipper. Luna liked the toy, too. They took turns biting the toy and playing with the zipper. Max and Luna became good friends and played together every day. And they lived happily ever after.Mum was using the kitchen to make dinner. She was carefully handling a large plastic bowl. She was mixing together different ingredients to make a tasty soup. Why are you using the plastic bowl, Mum? asked 3 year old Max. Its the best material to use because its flexible, Mum said. Max thought about the different plastic objects around him. He bent a plastic cup and it twirled around in his hand. Woah! Its so flexible! Mum looked up from the counter and smiled. Yes! It is. Its perfect for mixing soup. Max wanted to help too. He started pulling out all the plastic bowls from the cupboard and lining them up on the table. Mum finished stirring the soup with her plastic bowl and came over to see what Max was doing. She was pleased to see him engaged in some creative play. Thats great Max, she said. Im glad youre learning how to use plastic to make things. Max was very proud of his work and grinned at Mum. She bent down and hugged him. They both laughed together.Sara and Tom are friends. They like to play in the park. They see many flowers in the park. Sara likes the red flowers. Tom likes the yellow flowers. Look, Sara, yellow flowers! Tom says. He runs to the flowers. He wants to pick one. Wait, Tom, stay here! Sara says. She runs after him. She does not want him to pick the flowers. She knows the flowers are not for picking. They are for looking. Why, Sara, why? Tom asks. He does not understand. He likes the flowers. He wants to have one. Because, Tom, because, Sara says. She catches him. She hugs him. She explains to him. The flowers are great. They make the park pretty. They make the bees happy. They make the air smell good. If we pick the flowers, they will die. They will not be great anymore. They will be sad. We will be sad. Do you understand, Tom? Tom thinks for a moment. He nods. He understands. He does not want to make the flowers sad. He does not want to make Sara sad. He does not want to be sad. He smiles. He says, Okay, Sara, okay. I will not pick the flowers. I will look at them. I will smell them. I will be happy. You will be happy. The flowers will be happy. We are all great. Sara smiles. She is proud of Tom. He is a good friend. She says, Yes, Tom, yes. You are right. We are all great. Come on, lets go play on the swings. Maybe we will see a rainbow. That will be great too. They hold hands. They run to the swings. They have fun. They are happy. The flowers are happy. The park is happy. The day is great.Once upon a time, there was a big, magical crystal. It was very beautiful and sparkly. All the people in the land loved it. One day, a bad creature stole the crystal. Everything looked dark and gloomy without it. The people were very sad. The people did not give up. They all worked together to find the original crystal. They asked all the creatures and looked high and low, but still, they could not find it. Finally, they found a clue. It said the crystal was hidden in a deep cave. The people were so excited! They all gathered together and went off to find the crystal. After a long journey, they finally reached the cave and carefully searched it. Amazingly, they found the original crystal! Everyone was so happy and relieved. The people brought the crystal back to their land and it sparkled as bright as ever. From that day on, the people of the land always kept the crystal safe and guarded it with love.Once upon a time, a mom and dad had a son named James. He was 3 years old and loved the outdoors. One day, Jamess parents told him, Its time to go to the park. James was so excited that he jumped up, grabbed his shoes, and ran outside. When they got to the park, James was in awe. He saw a big pond with birds floating on it, and the moment he saw them, he started pointing and saying Look! Look! His mom said, Do you believe that if you throw a penny in the water, the birds will bring you money? James didnt understand what she said but he just kept looking and pointing at the birds. Mom then said, Here, why dont you try it? She gave him a penny, but it was so heavy that James couldnt throw it far enough for the birds to get it. His dad then said, Its okay, James. You can keep the penny. One day youll be able to throw it and know the magic of believing. James smiled and hugged his parents tight. He felt warm and happy inside. From that day on, he believed that money was magic.Once upon a time, there was a tiger who was lovely. Every day he would go on walks through the forest. One day, while he was walking, he saw something strange and out of the corner of his eye he saw a monster appear! The monster had huge teeth and sharp claws, but the tiger was brave and faced the monster. Suddenly, the monster said, Dont be scared, Im a friendly monster. I just want to be your friend! The tiger was so surprised. He was scared of the monster, but now he realized the monster was nice. The two new friends talked and explored the forest together. They became the best of friends and the tiger was very happy to have a new friend. The tiger and the monster would always have lots of fun, and the tiger knew that he had found a companion he could love forever.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play in the park with her friends. One day, they saw a rat running around. Lilys friend, Timmy, said, Look, a rat! Ew, its gross! Lily said, Dont tease the rat. Its just trying to find some food. Timmy said, But rats are scary! Lily said, No, theyre not. Theyre calm and cute. Timmy looked at the rat again and saw that it was just sniffing around for crumbs. He said, Youre right, Lily. Im sorry for teasing the rat. Lily smiled and said, Its okay. Lets go play on the swings now! And they all ran off to play together.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy had a smelly dog named Max. Max loved to run and play in the park with Timmy. One day, Timmy and Max went on an adventure to a big castle. They walked through a long hallway and came to a big chamber. Inside the chamber, there was a big dragon staring at them! Timmy and Max were scared, but they remembered that dragons liked treats. So, they gave the dragon a big bone and the dragon became their friend. From that day on, Timmy and Max visited the dragon in his chamber and brought him treats. They all lived happily ever after. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to ride her scooter around the park. One day, Lily was feeling very sleepy, so she decided to take a nap under a tree. While she was sleeping, she heard a beautiful sound. It was a bird singing a sweet song. Lily woke up and started to sing along with the bird. They sang together for a long time, and it made Lily very happy. From that day on, whenever Lily felt sleepy, she would take a nap under the tree and listen to the bird sing.Mum put the popcorn in the bowl. It was crunchy and smelled so yummy. But the popcorn was very bitter. All the kids made a face and pulled their tongues. No I dont want it. Its too bitter. said the little girl. But then, Mum had an idea. She put some butter and sugar on the popcorn and stirred it up. It started to look more appetising. She put it in the bowl and gave it to the kids. The kids tried a bit of the popcorn. They chewed and swallowed and waited for the taste. As they ate, the tasty popcorn flavours filled their mouths. Mmm... They said it was so delicious. The popcorn was crunchy, sugary and yummy. They ate it all up, licking the bowl too!Tom and Sam were friends who liked to play in the park. They liked to swing on the big swings and go fast and high. One day, they saw a new swing that looked like a skull. It was black and scary and had big teeth. Lets try it! said Tom. He ran to the skull swing and climbed on it. He pushed with his feet and started to swing. Be careful! said Sam. He was afraid of the skull swing. He thought it was too big and too scary. He stayed on the small swing and watched Tom. Tom swung higher and higher. He felt proud and brave. He laughed and shouted. Look at me! Im the king of the skull swing! But then, something bad happened. The skull swing broke. It snapped and cracked and fell to the ground. Tom fell with it. He hit his head on the hard dirt. He felt a lot of pain. He cried and screamed. Sam ran to Tom. He saw blood on Toms head. He saw the skull swing broken and twisted. He felt sad and scared. He called for help. Help! Help! Tom is hurt! But no one came. The park was empty. Tom and Sam were alone. Tom stopped crying. He stopped screaming. He stopped moving. He was very still. Sam shook Tom. He tried to wake him up. But Tom did not wake up. He was gone. Sam felt alone and lost. He wished he never saw the skull swing. He wished he never played in the park. He wished he stayed home with his mom. He wished Tom was still his friend.Lily liked to dance. She danced in her room, in the garden, and in the kitchen. She danced with her dolls, her dog, and her mom. She danced when she was happy, when she was sad, and when she was bored. One day, Lily saw a big ladder in the garage. It was brown and tall and had many steps. Lily wanted to climb the ladder and see what was on top. She thought maybe there was a secret place or a treasure or a new friend. She asked her mom if she could climb the ladder. Her mom said no. She said the ladder was not for kids. She said it was dangerous and Lily could fall and hurt herself. She said Lily should play with her toys or read a book or dance. But Lily did not listen. She waited until her mom was busy and sneaked into the garage. She grabbed the ladder and dragged it to the wall. She put one foot on the first step and then the other. She felt brave and curious. She climbed higher and higher. She reached the top of the ladder and looked around. She saw a big box with a bow. She wondered what was inside. She reached for the box and tried to open it. But the box was heavy and the ladder was shaky. Lily lost her balance and the ladder tipped over. Lily screamed and the box fell on the floor. Her mom heard the noise and ran to the garage. She saw Lily on the ground and the box next to her. She was scared and angry. She hugged Lily and checked if she was hurt. She was not hurt, but she was scared and sorry. She said to Lily, Why did you climb the ladder? I told you not to. You could have been hurt. You were very naughty. Lily said to her mom, Im sorry, mom. I wanted to see what was in the box. I thought it was a surprise for me. Her mom said to Lily, The box was a surprise for you. It was a new dress for you to dance in. But you spoiled the surprise and the dress. Now you cant have it. Lily cried and said to her mom, Im sorry, mom. I love you. Can I still dance with you? Her mom said to Lily, I love you too. You can still dance with me. But you have to promise me to never climb the ladder again. And you have to be a good girl and listen to me. Lily said to her mom, I promise, mom. I will be a good girl and listen to you. And I will dance with you. Her mom said to Lily, Okay, then. Lets go and dance in the kitchen. But first, lets put the ladder away and clean up the mess. They put the ladder away and cleaned up the mess. Then they went to the kitchen and danced. Lily was happy and her mom was happy. They danced and laughed and hugged. They forgot about the box and the dress. They only cared about each other.Once upon a time there was a girl called Lucy. She was three years old and loved to explore with her family. One day, Lucy and her family went to the beach. When they arrived, Lucy saw the waves and wanted to play in the sand. But her family told her to keep quiet. She kept very still and quiet. On the beach, Lucy found lots of amazing things. There were different shells and rocks to explore, and she even saw a crab! Her family was flexible, so they let her keep exploring. When they went home, Lucy was very happy. She had a lot of fun on the beach, and just by being flexible, she was able to discover lots of new and exciting things.Tim was three and he loved to explore. One day he went out in the garden and he saw something strange. It was a big black box with a grate on top. He knelt down to take a closer look and he saw that it was a grill. He said to himself, That looks fun! He started turning knobs, pushing buttons and pressing levers. Soon, the coals in the grill were burning brightly and it was ready to use. Tim ran inside and asked his mother for some healthy food to cook. She gave him some vegetables and a few pieces of chicken. He eagerly put them on the grill and watched them cook. When they were ready, he carefully served them on a plate and shared the delicious meal with his mom. The meal was healthy and delicious! Tim was very proud that he had cooked on the grill all by himself. From that day on, he asked his mom if he could make dinner on the grill every night. She said yes and Tim was very happy.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a big, brown dog named Max. Max was always cheerful and loved to play with Lily. One day, Lily went to the park with Max. She was having so much fun swinging and sliding, but then she realized that she lost her favorite toy. She started to worry and looked everywhere for it. Max saw that Lily was sad and knew he had to help her. He started sniffing around and found the toy in a little case under the slide. Lily was so happy that she gave Max a big hug and thanked him. From that day on, Lily knew that she could always count on Max to help her when she was worried.Once, there was a tall boy named Jack. He was very adventurous, and always looking for fun. One day, he saw a tree with a really strange fruit. He thought it looked like a joke and started to laugh, so he decided to try it. He carefully climbed up the tree and picked one. He was very careful not to fall, but accidently he slipped and fell onto the ground. Luckily he was not hurt. He got back up and decided to try the fruit. To his surprise, it was incredibly sweet. He was so happy he shouted out with joy and laughed. He wanted to share the joke with his family, so he decided to pick some more and give them some of the tasty fruit. He gathered as much as he could, being careful not to fall again. Everyone in the family enjoyed the fruit, and Jack was proud that he found such a treat. He was also glad that noone had been hurt when he fell from the tree earlier!Lila and Ben are twins. They like to play together. One day, they find a big box in the garage. They open the box and see many things inside. They see hats, scarves, glasses, shoes and more. Lets play dress up! Lila says. She puts on a hat and a scarf. She looks at herself in a mirror. I am a princess! she says. Ben picks up a pair of glasses. He puts them on his face. He looks at himself in the mirror. I am a doctor! he says. They take turns trying on different things. They pretend to be different people. They have fun. Then, Lila sees something shiny in the box. She reaches for it. It is a necklace with a big blue stone. She puts it on her neck. She feels a strange tingling. Look, Ben! she says. This necklace is so pretty! Ben looks at her. He gasps. He sees that Lilas eyes have changed. They are not brown anymore. They are blue, like the stone. Lila, your eyes! he says. They are blue! Lila looks in the mirror. She sees her blue eyes. She is surprised. She likes them. She thinks they are perfect. Wow! she says. I have blue eyes! I like them! Ben smiles. He thinks Lila looks perfect too. He hugs her. I like them too! he says. You are my perfect sister! They laugh and hug. They keep playing dress up. They do not know that the necklace is magic. They do not know that it can make their eyes become any color they want. They are happy.Lily and Tom were twins who liked to go to the park with their mom. They had to take the bus to get there, and they always sat by the window to see the cars and the trees and the people. Sometimes they saw dogs and cats and birds, too. One day, when they were on the bus, they heard a loud roar. They looked out the window and saw a big, fierce lion. It had escaped from the zoo and was running on the street. It had sharp teeth and claws and a long mane. Lily and Tom were scared and hugged their mom. Mom, what is that? Lily asked. That is a lion, sweetie. It is a wild animal that lives in Africa. It should not be here. The zookeepers are trying to catch it and take it back to the zoo, mom said. Will it hurt us? Tom asked. No, honey. The bus is safe. The lion cannot get in. We just have to stay calm and pray that the lion does not hurt anyone or itself, mom said. Lily and Tom nodded and closed their eyes. They prayed to God to protect them and the lion and everyone else. They prayed until they heard a siren and saw a big truck with a cage. The zookeepers had caught the lion and put it in the cage. They drove away with the lion, and the bus continued to the park. Lily and Tom opened their eyes and smiled. They thanked God for answering their prayers. They were not scared anymore. They were happy to go to the park and play. They hoped the lion was happy, too, in its home at the zoo.Once upon a time, a stubborn little boy named Bob wanted to go on a big adventure. He asked his mom if he could sail away on a boat, and she said no. Bob was sad and angry, but he kept asking his mom again and again for days on end. Finally, his mom said he could sail away, if he promised to bring her some fruit from his travels. Bob promised his mom he would, and he quickly set sail on his big adventure. But soon, he realized that sailing further away from home meant he couldnt get the fruit as easily. He tried very hard to find fruit, but it seemed like a fruitless task. Bob was almost ready to turn back home, until he spotted a small, lush island. He quickly changed course and sailed right to the island. On it, he found a bountiful harvest of fresh, juicy fruit. Bob was so relieved and happy, he quickly filled his boat to the brim with fruit for his mom. He sailed back home, happy and proud of his adventure. When he got his mom the fruit, she said, Well, Bob! You were very stubborn in asking me, but you kept your promise. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the sun. One day, she went on a walk with her mommy. They saw a big, brown dog. Lily pointed and said, Look, Mommy! A dog! Her mommy said, Yes, thats right. But we need to be careful because some dogs can be dangerous. Lily didnt understand what dangerous meant, but she knew it was something bad. They continued on their walk and found a spot with lots of flowers. Lily loved flowers! She ran to pick one and her mommy said, Wait, Lily. Look before you pick. There might be a bee. Lily looked closely and saw a bee on the flower. She said, Oh no, a bee! Thats dangerous! Her mommy smiled and said, Yes, thats right. But if we are careful and look before we touch, we can avoid the dangerous spots. From that day on, Lily always looked before she pointed or picked.Once there was a shy girl named Jazz. She wanted to manage her life, but was always too scared to do anything. She wanted to try different things, but was always too shy. One day she decided to try something new and brave and began to explore the world. But everything she tried ended poorly and she became even more scared and shy. Finally, she decided to try something completely new like playing jazz. She loved the sound and the freedom it gave her. But unfortunately, the unfamiliarity scared her and she couldnt manage to control her fear. The more she tried to play jazz, the more scared she became and she eventually had to give up. Unfortunately, because of her fear, Jazz never managed to find success in her journey. She was always too shy and scared to take any risks, so she never managed to reach her full potential.Once upon a time there was a small boy, he was very curious and wanted to unpack his fathers suitcase. He was about three years old and he excitedly rummaged through the case to find fun things to play with. He found lots of interesting things, like shiny coins and a colorful sock. The little boy was so happy with his discovery. He quickly grabbed the sock and started running to the kitchen to play. He was singing a loud, noisy song, and the parents were getting annoyed. They shouted at him to stop and put the sock back in the suitcase. The little boy was confused, he didnt want to stop his fun. He started to cry and threw the sock on the ground. His parents were very angry. They scolded him and asked him to go to his room. The little boy slowly walked away with tears in his eyes. The sock stayed on the ground and nobody played with it again.One day there was a cheerful boy named Peter. Peter loved eating lots of different fruits. He especially liked bananas, apples, and oranges. Every day he went to the store to buy some fruit. He liked to include lots of different colours into his fruit basket. Peter would find a nice spot in his yard to eat the fruit. His favourite spot was under a big tree. The tree was so tall and gave lots of shade. It was the perfect place to eat fruit and be cheerful. Peter loved to eat the fruit so much. He would eat and laugh and the tree would laugh with him. Sometimes he would share his fruit with some of the birds and other animals that would visit him at the tree. When Peter was done eating, he would sit still for a minute and take in the nature around him. He was so thankful that he was able to sit and enjoy the fruits of his labour. It made him feel very cheerful.One day, Ben and Lily went to the park with Mom. They saw a big round thing with many colors. It was a balloon. Mom said, That is a balloon. It is for a party. Do you want to see? Ben and Lily nodded. They liked balloons. They followed Mom to the balloon. There were many people there. They wore funny hats and clothes. They sang and danced. They looked weird. Ben and Lily saw a man with a big drum. He hit the drum hard. Boom, boom, boom. He said, Come on, everyone. Lets march around the balloon. Follow me. He started to walk fast. He hit the drum louder. Boom, boom, boom. Some people followed him. They marched around the balloon. They lifted their feet high. They made noise. They looked happy. Ben and Lily wanted to join. They liked to march. They asked Mom, Can we march, Mom? Please? Mom smiled. She said, Sure, you can march. But stay close to me. Dont get lost. She held their hands. They marched around the balloon. They had fun. They felt like they were in a parade.Once upon a time, a little dog named Max was very anxious. He was always hungry and wanted to eat more food. One day, Max saw a big dish full of yummy treats. He wanted to eat them all, but he knew he had to share with his friend, Sam the cat. Max said to Sam, Sam, lets weigh our treats so we can share them. Sam nodded and they took turns putting treats on the little scale. Max put some treats on one side and Sam put some treats on the other side. They both watched the scale go up and down until the treats were the same on both sides. With a big smile, Max said, Now we can eat our treats! Max and Sam sat down and ate their treats together. They were so happy to share and enjoy their yummy treats. From that day on, Max was not anxious anymore because he knew that sharing with his friend Sam was the best way to be happy.Once upon a time, a boy named Timmy was playing in the park with his friends. They were having fun playing tag and hideandseek. Suddenly, Timmy saw something shiny on the ground. He went to pick it up and saw that it was a cool pistol. Timmys friend, Billy, saw the pistol too and said, Wow, thats so cool! Can I hold it? Timmy replied, Sure, but be careful. Dont point it at anyone. Billy took the pistol and laid it on the ground. They all looked at it and wondered where it came from. Then, they heard a loud voice saying, Hey kids, what are you doing with my pistol? It was the park ranger. He explained that the pistol belonged to him and that it was not a toy. The kids apologized and promised to never touch it again. They continued playing, happy to have learned an important lesson about safety.Once there was a little girl named Suzie who was three years old. Everyone said she was delicate, which was true, because she was always very gentle. One morning, Suzie was playing in the backyard with a basketball. She loved feeling how the basketball bounced when she tossed it in the air. But then, all of a sudden, a huge screech filled the air. Suzie screamed as she saw a big, black cat sneaking up to her basketball. No! Leave my basketball alone! cried Suzie. The big, black cat just looked at Suzie with wide eyes and then her long tail twitched before she jumped away. Suzie looked relieved, and she sighed with relief. She picked up her basketball and hugged it tight against her chest. That was close, Suzie said with a laugh. And from then on, Suzie learned to always guard her delicate basketball.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tom. Tom was a fearful boy who didnt like to try new things. One day, Tom and his mom went to a big store. They needed to go up to find Toms favorite toy. Toms mom said, We will take the elevator to go up. Tom was scared of the elevator. He had never been in one before. He asked his mom, What if its too fast? His mom smiled and said, Dont worry, its not fast. Ill hold your hand. As they walked to the elevator, Tom saw a man load a big box onto a cart. The man pushed the cart into the elevator. Toms mom held his hand and they went inside too. The elevator went up slowly, just like his mom said. Tom felt safe and happy. When they got to the top, Tom saw his favorite toy on a shelf. He was so excited! He forgot all about being scared of the elevator. Toms mom said, See? The elevator wasnt so bad. Tom nodded and smiled. From that day on, Tom wasnt fearful of elevators anymore. He learned that trying new things can be fun, especially when his mom was there to hold his hand.Once upon a time, there was a little fox who was very hungry. He was all alone in the forest, and he had not eaten anything in days. He often rolled around in the dirt, looking for something to eat. One day, he heard a noise and saw a man walking through the woods. In his hand, he had a can of spray and a waffle. The fox was so excited, he ran over to the man and begged for some food. The man could see how hungry the fox was and so he kindly gave him the waffle. The fox was so happy and gobbled it up in an instant. But then the man pointed the spray at the fox and made him wet. The little fox ran away, scared and confused. Later he figured out that the spray was only water. The man was teaching the fox an important lesson that you dont need to beg for food and that it is better to take care of yourself. The fox never forgot the lesson and he never begged for food again.Once, there was a bear and a bee. The bee wanted to keep his sweet honey, but the bear wanted to try it. The bee flew high in the sky, so the bear couldnt reach him. The bear decided to shoot at the bee with a bow and arrow. The arrow flew so fast and so bright that the bee scurried away. The bear found the bees honey and it shined so brightly. He scooped it up and licked it off his paws. It was sweet and sticky, exactly what the bear wanted! But then the bee came back. He was not happy that the bear was eating his honey! He buzzed at the bear, trying to make him leave. The bear didnt listen, so the bee decided to shoot at him with a pea shooter. The pea shot at the bear so quickly and so brightly that he was scared and ran away. The bear never returned for the honey and the bee kept it safe and sound.Tim and Jen were playing with their toys in the living room. They liked to pretend they were superheroes and villains. Tim was the good guy and Jen was the bad guy. They made loud noises and threw pillows at each other. Stop, evil Jen! You cant take over the world! Tim shouted, holding a plastic sword. Ha ha, you cant stop me, silly Tim! I have a secret weapon! Jen replied, holding a glass bottle. Tim did not like the glass bottle. He knew it was not a toy. He knew it could break and hurt them. He told Jen to put it down. Jen, thats not a toy. Thats a glass. It can break and cut you. Put it down, please. No, I wont! Its my weapon. You cant tell me what to do! Jen said, shaking the bottle. Tim got scared. He did not want Jen to get hurt. He did not want to get hurt. He tried to be gentle and take the bottle from Jen. Jen, give me the bottle. Its not safe. I dont want to fight with you. I want to play with you. But Jen did not listen. She did not want to give up her weapon. She did not want to lose the game. She pulled the bottle away from Tim and swung it at him. Take that, Tim! You cant stop me! But she swung too hard. The bottle hit the wall and broke. The glass flew everywhere. Tim and Jen screamed. They felt the glass cut their skin. They saw the blood. They cried. Mom and Dad heard the noise and ran to the living room. They saw Tim and Jen on the floor, covered in glass and blood. They were shocked and angry. They picked up Tim and Jen and took them to the bathroom. They cleaned their wounds and put bandages on them. They scolded them for playing with the glass bottle. They took away their toys and sent them to their rooms. Tim and Jen were sorry. They did not mean to break the glass. They did not mean to hurt each other. They wished they had listened to Tim. They wished they had played with something else. They learned their lesson. They never played with glass again.Once upon a time, there was a bird named Blue. Blue loved to fly in the sky and soar high above the trees. Blues friend, a rabbit named Brown, liked to hop around in the snow during winter. One day, Blue saw Brown and asked, Hey Brown! Do you want to come fly with me? Brown replied, No thank you, Blue. I like to stay organized and hop in the snow. Blue flew away and enjoyed soaring in the sky. But suddenly, a big storm came and Blue got lost. Blue tried to find the way back but couldnt. Brown noticed that Blue was missing and went to search for Blue. Brown found Blue lying on the ground, hurt and unable to fly. Brown cried and said, Oh no, Blue! I wish you had stayed with me in the snow. Now you cant fly anymore. From that day on, Blue had to stay on the ground and never soar in the sky again. Brown felt sad and regretted not going with Blue. They both learned that sometimes its better to stay safe and be together with friends.Once upon a time there was a little girl. Her name was Sarah. She was very busy. Everyday she went to the market. She loved to go to the market to shop. At the market, Sarah loved to mark fruits and vegetables. She would scan them and mark them for the store. She was very good at it and it made her happy. Every day at the market was busy. People were always asking her to do more work. But she kept on marking the fruits and vegetables. She was very good at it! But sometimes the market was too busy. At the end of the day she had to rush, because she had to get back before her mom did. She had to mark all the fruits and vegetables in just a few minutes. But Sarah was a fast worker. She marked everything quickly and made it back in time. She was very proud of herself!Sofia was walking in the park with her dad. She loved being outdoors as it reminded her of all the fun things she could do. There were trees to see, grass to run on, and of course lots of cherry trees. She was always excited to pick the ripe cherries from the tree. She and her dad would gather the cherries together, laughing and having fun. Today was different though. Sofia looked around and noticed it was very boring. Everything was the same and there wasnt anything new to do. She started to feel sad and wanted to go home. It was then that her dad reminded her of the cherry trees nearby. He said, Come on Sofia, lets go and pick some cherries. We can make cherry pies and have some fun. Sofia smiled and happily ran towards the cherry tree. She felt excited again and was happy to be picking cherries with her dad. They played a game to see who could pick the most cherries from the tree. Sophia won and was so proud of herself. Sofias dad reminded her how important it was to have fun outside. She was so glad he reminded her of the cherries because it made their day perfect!Sara and Ben were playing with their toys in the living room. Sara had a beautiful doll with long hair and a pink dress. Ben had a truck with big wheels and a handle. He liked to make the truck go vroom vroom on the floor. Can I play with your doll? Ben asked Sara. No, its mine! Sara said. You have your truck, I have my doll. But I want to play with your doll! Ben said. He tried to grab the doll from Saras arms. Stop it, Ben! Sara said. She pulled the doll away from Ben. You are being mean! Ben was angry. He did not like Sara saying no to him. He wanted the doll. He demanded the doll. Give me the doll, now! Ben shouted. He pushed Sara and made her fall. He snatched the doll from her and ran away. Sara was hurt and sad. She cried and cried. She wanted her doll back. She called for Mommy. Mommy heard Sara crying and came to the living room. She saw Sara on the floor and Ben with the doll. What happened here? Mommy asked. Ben took my doll! Sara sobbed. He pushed me and ran away! Mommy was very angry. She went to Ben and took the doll from him. Ben, how could you do that? Mommy scolded. You hurt Sara and stole her doll. That is very bad. You have to say sorry to Sara and give her the doll back. Ben did not want to say sorry. He did not want to give the doll back. He threw a tantrum. He kicked and screamed and cried. Mommy had no patience for Bens tantrum. She took him to his room and locked the door. You will stay in your room until you calm down and learn to share, Mommy said. No toys, no TV, no snacks for you. Ben was alone in his room. He had no doll, no truck, no fun. He was still angry and sad. He wished he had not been so mean to Sara. He wished he had played nicely with her. He wished he had his truck with the handle. He wished he had Mommys love. But he had nothing. He had a bad ending.Once upon a time, there was a little girl. She had a chair in her bedroom which was very comfortable for her. Every day after lunch, she liked to take a nap in her chair. The little girl was always hungry, and so she was excited when her mommy said it was time for dinner. She put on her yummy clothes and imagined what dinner would taste like. When the little girls dinner was ready, she sat in her chair and ate it. The dinner was so yummy, she barely had enough room for dessert. When dinner was done, the little girl was very tired. She climbed into the chair and went to sleep. The little girl had a wonderful nap and when she woke, she felt like she had enough energy to play all day. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Maria. She was very curious. One day, she saw something moving on the floor. She bent down to take a closer look and noticed it was a little object. It looked empty, like something used to be in it. Maria was excited and wanted to pick it up. She reached out to grab it, but it suddenly stopped moving. Maria looked around to see where it had gone. She searched everywhere, but it was nowhere to be found. Then, Maria heard a voice say, Stop! She turned around and saw a tall lady. She was wearing a big hat and had a kind smile. That object you saw was mine, the lady declared. I must have dropped it when I last passed by here. Thank you so much for helping me find it. Maria smiled. She felt happy to have helped the lady.Once upon a time, there was a little girl. She was feeling very sad. The little girl saw a jug and decided to take it with her and rest. She wanted to sit in the sun and find some peace. While the little girl was resting, a big and scary dog appeared nearby. She was very scared and quickly jumped up and ran away. When she stopped to catch her breath, she noticed that she had dropped the jug in her hurry. She felt very ashamed. Suddenly, a kind voice said, Its ok little one. Dont feel ashamed. The little girl looked up to find a kind old man standing nearby. He said, I can help you find your jug. The little girl smiled and said, Thank you. Together they searched until they found it. The little girl was very happy and she thanked the old man. She then went on her way feeling much better.Tom and Jen were twins who liked to travel. They wanted to see many things in life. They had a big map on their wall with pins on the places they had been. They always asked their mom and dad to take them to new places. But one day, their mom and dad said they had no money to travel. They said they had to work hard and save money. They said Tom and Jen had to help them at home and at the farm. They said travel was not the most important thing in life. Tom and Jen were sad and angry. They did not want to help. They wanted to be lazy and have fun. They said travel was the most important thing in life. They said they did not care about work or money. They said they would run away and travel by themselves. So one night, they packed their bags and sneaked out of the house. They took their bikes and rode to the train station. They saw a big train that said New York on it. They thought New York was a fun place to travel. They hid in a cargo car and waited for the train to move. But they did not know that the train was not going to New York. It was going to a place called Alaska. Alaska was very cold and far away. They did not have warm clothes or food or money. They did not have their mom and dad or their map or their pins. They were scared and lonely and hungry. They realized they had made a big mistake. They wished they had listened to their mom and dad. They wished they had helped them at home and at the farm. They wished they had not been lazy and selfish. They wished they could go back to their home and their life. They learned that travel was not the most important thing in life. They learned that work and money and family were important too. They learned that being lazy and selfish was not good. They learned that being grateful and helpful was good. They hoped they could find a way to go back home. They hoped their mom and dad would forgive them. They hoped they could still travel someday, but with their mom and dad and their map and their pins. They hoped they could still see many things in life, but not forget the things they already had.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to visit her grandmas house. One day, Lilys mommy took her to grandmas house. When they arrived, grandma had baked some muffins. Lily was very happy because she loved muffins. She took a bite and said, Wow, this muffin is tasty! Then, they spent the whole day playing and having fun together.John was feeling troubled. His mom was nowhere to be seen. He looked around but he couldnt find her. He shouted out but there was no answer. He started to feel scared. But then he heard a happy sound. It was his mom clapping. He followed the sound and suddenly he saw his mother in the garden. She was so happy to see him. John ran to her and she hugged him tightly. She smiled and she said, I was clapping for the birds. Arent they beautiful? Come and join me! So John and his mom clapped for the birds together. John laughed and was no longer feeling troubled as he hugged his mom tightly.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved playing with her toys and running around outside. One day, Lily saw her mommy putting on makeup. She asked her mommy if she could have some too. Her mommy said no because Lily was too young for makeup. Lily felt sad and wanted to be like her mommy. She went to her room and saw her hairbrush. She started brushing her hair and noticed it was getting hairy. She stretched her arms and legs and realized that she was already beautiful just the way she was. Lily learned that she didnt need makeup to be pretty. She just needed to be herself and take care of her body. From that day on, Lily felt happy and confident in her own skin. The moral of the story is that true beauty comes from within and we should always love ourselves for who we are.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys, especially her toy chain. It was her most favorite toy. One day, Lilys mom asked her to clean up her toys. Lily replied, But Mommy, I cant do it alone! Dont worry, Lily, said her mom. Ill help you. Together we can complete this task. So, Lily and her mom started to clean up. They picked up all the toys and put them in their regular places. Finally, they completed the task and Lilys room was clean again. Lily hugged her mom and said, Thank you, Mommy. I love you! And her mom replied, I love you too, Lily. Now lets go have some fun with your toy chain!Once upon a time, there was a kind rabbit named Benny. Benny loved to play in the forest with his friends. One day, Benny and his friends decided to have a race to see who could run the fastest. Benny really wanted to win the race, but he knew his friend, the speedy squirrel, was very fast. Before the race, Bennys friend, the wise owl, mentioned that sometimes the one who runs the fastest doesnt always win. Benny thought about what the owl said and decided to run as fast as he could but also be kind to his friends. During the race, Benny saw his friend, the turtle, struggling to keep up. Benny remembered what the owl said and decided to help the turtle by cheering him on. In the end, Benny didnt win the race, but he felt happy because he was kind to his friends. The wise owl was right, sometimes winning isnt the most important thing. Benny learned that being kind is just as important as winning.Once upon a time, there was a dog named Spot. Spot was not like other dogs, he was very original. He had a beautiful, big, and colorful tail. Spot loved to play with his friends and have fun. One day, Spot was playing with his friend, Tim. Tim said, Wow, Spot! Your tail is so big and pretty! Spot was very happy to hear this. He wanted to make his tail even more special, so he decided to increase the size of his tail. Spot ate a lot of food and his tail grew bigger and bigger. All his friends were amazed by how big it got. They all said, Spot, you have the biggest tail we have ever seen! Spot was very proud of his big tail, but he also liked being original. He knew that having a big tail was not the only thing that made him special. He decided to be happy with his original tail and not try to increase it anymore. From that day on, Spot learned that being original is what makes you special. He continued to play with his friends and have fun, and they all loved him for who he was.Mommy was busy organizing her things. She had a big notebook and held it tightly in her hands. She carefully opened it, and inside it were some papers. She looked at them sadly. Some of them were dead. Mommy closed the notebook and put it away. She went to the kitchen and made a snack for her and her little three year old daughter. They both sat down on the couch and snuggled together. Mommy looked at her little girl and smiled. She said, âœletâs organize the things in your room, shall we?â The little girl jumped off the couch and ran to her room. She came back with a pile of toys and started to organize them. She put them away in her shelves, stacked them up and put different shapes and colors together. It made her so happy when everything was neat and tidy. Mommy was happy too. She looked around the room, proud of her little girl. Then she hugged her tightly and said, âœI love you so much!âOnce upon a time there was a small girl who was out playing in the park. She was having a great time when she fell and started to cry. Just then, a big monster came out of nowhere. He was so scary that she screamed and ran away. The monster chased after her, but before it could get too close, a brave hero swooped in and rescued her. The hero asked the monster, Why are you chasing this small girl? The monster said in a deep voice, I am scared of the word peaceful. I want to hide in the park so nobody sees me. The hero said, There is no need to be scared. Being peaceful is a good thing! I will help you. The hero stayed with the small girl and the monster until they were all safe. Then, the hero gave the monster a hug and said goodbye. The small girl thought the hero was very brave and kind. She was so happy and thankful that he had come to her rescue.Once upon a time, in a small town, there was a little girl named Amy. She loved to watch movies with her family. One day, Amys mom told her they were going to watch a movie together after dinner. Amy was very excited and could not wait to see the movie. During dinner, Amys dad said he heard the movie was terrible, but they would still watch it together. Amy did not know what terrible meant, but she still wanted to see the movie. After they finished eating, they all sat down in the living room to watch the movie. As the movie started, Amy noticed her mom was not happy with the movie. So, Amy decided to help make the movie better. She started to act out the funny parts and make silly faces. Her family laughed and had a great time. In the end, even though the movie was terrible, Amy helped make it a fun night for everyone.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Sally. Sally loved to spin around and around until she got dizzy. One day, Sally went to the park and saw a group of children playing. Sally wanted to join in, but the other children didnt include her. Sally felt sad and didnt know what to do. She sat down on the grass and looked up at the sky. She saw the earth spinning and thought about how everything is connected. Suddenly, Sally had an idea. She got up and started spinning around. The other children noticed and asked her to join in. Sally felt happy and included. She learned that sometimes, you have to take action and include yourself in order to make friends. The moral of the story is that everyone deserves to be included and its important to be kind to others.Once upon a time there was a family who had been given a box by an old wise man. Inside the box was a bag of gold coins. They were so excited when they saw the bag. They opened it feeling reliable and happy. One of the coins was shiny and solid gold. The family wanted to keep it as it was a very special coin. So they removed the gold coin from the bag and placed it safely in their pocket. From then on, the family was reliable. They always had the gold coin with them wherever they went. Whenever times were tough, the gold coin reminded the family that they had something to be thankful for. The end.Once there was a wise owl. He lived in a tall tree. One day he was feeling grumpy and he wanted to do something fun. So he decided to build a stack. But it didnt turn out the way he planned. The stack just kept getting higher and higher. Soon it was the highest stack ever made! The wise owl was so excited that he started to yell out loud. Everyone in the forest heard him and came to see the tall stack. The animals all cheered and clapped for the wise owl. They couldnt believe how big the stack was. They all thanked the wise owl for making such a fun stack. From then on, the wise owl would build a stack whenever he felt grumpy. It always cheered him up and made him happy. He became the most famous owl in the forest!Once upon a time there was a girl named Jane. Jane was very happy because today was a special day. She was getting married! Jane wore a pretty white dress that was tight around her neck. She looked like a beautiful princess. Everyone had gathered to watch Jane marry her prince. They were standing in two rows. One row was for Jane and one row was for the prince and his family. Jane was so excited. She walked down the aisle and the music began to play. As Jane and the prince said their special vows they looked at each other with love. They held hands so tight that you couldnât put a piece of paper between them. When it was time to exchange rings, the prince gave Jane a ring that was so special. It was a beautiful gold band with a diamond on top. Finally, the priest said the words they had been waiting to hear. You may now kiss the bride!. Everyone clapped and cheered as the prince and Jane hugged and kissed. And that was how Jane married her prince!Once there was a boy called Jake. He was small like a button and very restless in the mornings. One day, he had a funny feeling in his tummy. As soon as he woke up, he felt it rising. It was like a tingly feeling, like a butterfly trying to escape! Jake tried to ignore it and go back to bed, but the feeling kept getting stronger. He jumped out of bed and ran to the kitchen. There, he found cereal and milk. He quickly ate the cereal and felt better. The funny feeling in his stomach had disappeared, leaving him feeling calm and quiet. Jake realised that when he was restless and had those funny feelings, all he needed to do was eat something light and he would start to feel better. He smiled and went back to bed for a nice long rest.Once there was a boy, and he was only three years old. He had a lot of toy horses and one day he decided to take them to a stable. When he arrived, it was very peaceful. He saw many animals and he even said hello to them. The boy then began to play with his horses. He threw them around and galloped them around the stable. He played until he was tired and the peaceful stable welcomed him and made him feel very happy. When the sun set, the boy took his horses and went home, very satisfied with his day. He knew that the stable was special and he would come back soon.Once upon a time there was a patient law. It was very important and everyone had to follow it. But one day, something bad happened and the law was not finished. So everyone had to work together to make it finish. They worked hard and slowly the law changed. Everyone stayed patient and soon it was finish. Everyone was so happy! They had fixed the law and now everyone could follow it again. From then on, everyone followed the law and were careful to finish it whenever something went wrong. It kept everyone safe and happy and thats the way it remains to this day.Papa was an independent man. He had a helicopter which he loved to fly. Every day he would hang the helicopter in a tree. One day, Papa asked his 3 year old child if they wanted to come with him and fly the helicopter. The child said yes. Papa helped the child climb up the tree and hang the helicopter by the branches. Then they flew the helicopter up in the sky, higher and higher. It was so much fun! The child was laughing and smiling the whole time. They came back home when it was time for dinner. Papa said he was proud of the child and that they were very independent. The next day, Papa was surprised to see that the helicopter was already hanging in the tree. The child had put it there all on their own! Papa was so happy to see the child was so independent.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Lucy. Every morning Lucy woke up to the sound of her clock. She had to get up early because of school. Lucy often complained about having to wake up so early. Today Lucy was a bit more flexible than usual, so she decided to stay in bed for a few extra minutes. But then her clock started ringing louder. Lucy got angry and decided to complain even more. She threw her pillow and angrily kicked the covers off. Finally, Lucy had to go, so she decided to stop complaining and get dressed. She looked at the clock one last time and noticed that she was late for school. Lucy left in a hurry. But when she got to school, the teacher told her that she was too late for the class and had to come back the day after. Lucy was very sad because of her bad decision to complain and not be more flexible.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his toys, but one day he accidentally broke a toy car. He was very sad because it was his favorite toy. Timmys mom saw him crying and asked, What happened, Timmy? I broke my car, Timmy said, tears in his eyes. Dont worry, Timmy, his mom said. We can replace it with a new one. Timmys face lit up with joy. Really? A new green car? Yes, a new green car, his mom said with a smile. Timmy was so happy that he hugged his mom tightly. From that day on, he made sure to take good care of his toys so he wouldnt have to replace them again.Sara and Ben were playing in the park. They liked to look for acorns under the big trees. They found many acorns and put them in a basket. Look, I found a big acorn! Sara said, holding up a shiny brown nut. Wow, that is a big acorn! Ben said. Can I see it? Sara gave Ben the acorn. He looked at it and smiled. Can I have it? he asked. No, it is mine! Sara said. I found it first! But I like it more! Ben said. It is the biggest acorn I ever saw! He tried to take the acorn from Sara, but she held it tight. Give it back! Sara said. It is not fair! They pulled and tugged on the acorn. They did not see the squirrel that was watching them from a branch. The squirrel was hungry. He liked acorns too. He saw the big acorn that Sara and Ben were fighting over. He thought it looked very tasty. He jumped down from the branch and ran towards them. He bit Bens hand and snatched the acorn from him. He ran back to the tree with the acorn in his mouth. Ow! Ben cried. The squirrel bit me! He dropped the basket and held his hand. Sara dropped the acorn and looked at Ben. Are you okay? she asked. No, it hurts! Ben said. The squirrel took our acorn! They looked at the squirrel. He was sitting on the branch, eating the acorn. He looked very happy. Sara and Ben felt very sad. They lost their big acorn and their basket. They had nothing to play with. They also felt very sorry. They should not have fought over the acorn. They should have shared it. They learned a hard lesson. They learned that being greedy and selfish can lead to trouble. They learned that being modest and kind can lead to happiness. They wished they had listened to their mom, who always suggested that they share and play nicely.Once upon a time there was a little girl who was very sad. She had lost her knife. She looked for it everywhere, but couldnt find it. She started to cry. Suddenly, a kind and compassionate boy saw her. He asked her why she was so upset. The girl told him about her lost knife. The kind boy was determined to help her find it and told her to come with him. He looked all around the ground, and after a few minutes he spotted the knife in some tall grass. He picked it up with a smile and handed it to the little girl. The girl was so happy that she had found her knife. And she was so thankful to the kind boy. She hugged the boy and said, Thanks for helping me find it. The kind boy smiled and said, Youre welcome. He was glad he had helped her find her lost knife.Lily loved to splash in the water. She had a new suit that was pink and had flowers on it. She put on her suit and ran to the pool with her mom. But when she got to the pool, she saw a big sign. It said Pool Closed. Lily was sad. She wanted to splash and play. She asked her mom why the pool was closed. Her mom said there was a problem with the water. It was not clean and safe. They had to fix it. Lily did not understand. She was persistent. She said Please, mom, let me splash. Just a little bit. Her mom shook her head. She said No, Lily, we cant. Its not good for you. How about we go to the park instead? There is a fountain there. You can splash in the fountain. Lily thought for a moment. She liked the fountain. It was shiny and made funny noises. She nodded. She said Okay, mom, lets go to the fountain. But can I still wear my suit? Her mom smiled. She said Of course, Lily, you can wear your suit. You look very pretty in it. Come on, lets go. Lily took her moms hand. They walked to the park. Lily saw the fountain. She ran to it and started to splash. She was happy. She forgot about the pool. She had fun with her mom.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved strawberries very much. One day, she asked her mom if they could make strawberry cake. Her mom said yes and they went to the store to buy strawberries. When they got home, Lily was very impatient. She wanted to prepare the cake right away. Her mom told her to wash the strawberries first. Lily helped by putting the strawberries in a bowl of water. After that, they cut the strawberries and mixed them with the cake batter. Lily was so happy when the cake was done. She took a big bite and it tasted delicious. She thanked her mom for helping her prepare the cake and they both enjoyed it together.Once there was a small dog named Sandy. Sandy was very curious. One day, Sandy was out for a walk and he saw a fat cat. Sandy decided to follow the cat. Everywhere the fat cat went, Sandy followed. The fat cat stopped in front of a big house and went inside. Sandy followed the cat until they both reached the kitchen. Sandy was very excited and wanted to see what was inside. Inside, the fat cat was eating a big steak. Sandys mouth watered as he watched the cat eat. Suddenly, the cat said, Come here, Sandy. You can have the rest of my steak. Im too fat to finish it. Sandy was so happy he began to eat the steak right away. He enjoyed it very much and thanked the fat cat for sharing. From that day forward, Sandy and the fat cat became good friends. Everywhere the fat cat went, Sandy followed.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play outside with his friends. One day, Timmy asked his mom if he could go to the park to play with his friends. His mom said, Yes, you may go to the park but you must be back before dinner time. Timmy ran to the park and met up with his friends. They played on the swings, went down the slide, and played tag. Timmy noticed that one of his friends, a youth named Jack, had a unique toy car. Timmy asked Jack if he could play with it. Jack said, Yes, you may play with it for a little bit but please be careful with it. Timmy played with the toy car and had so much fun. When it was time to go home, he thanked Jack for permitting him to play with the unique toy car. Timmy ran home and told his mom all about his fun day at the park.Once upon a time, there lived a boy called Jack. He was only 3 years old, so he only knew simple words. One day, Jack and his dad were sitting in the backyard, reading a book. All of a sudden, they heard a loud sound. It was a tornado! Jack looked up at his dad with wide eyes. What is it, Dad? he asked in a small voice. Its a tornado, son. Lets go inside, said Dad. Jack and his dad ran inside quickly. They both held onto the door as the house shook hard from the tornado. Jack was scared, but he was brave. He read his book to take his mind off it. After a while the tornado went away, and everything went back to normal. Jack was relieved. His dad, too. He was so happy that he hugged Jack tight and said, Good job, Jack! You were so brave. Jack smiled. He felt proud that he had been brave during the tornado.One day, a boy named Tim went to a big place called a stadium. He was very happy because he would see his original toy car race. The toy car was red and fast. In the stadium, Tim saw many people. He also saw many toy cars. They were all ready to race. Tim held his red toy car and said, You can do it, car! You can win the race! The race began, and all the toy cars went fast. Tim let his car go, or release it, and it raced with the other cars. The red car was very fast, and it went in front of the other cars. Tim jumped up and down and said, Go, car, go! In the end, Tims red car won the race. Tim was so happy, and he hugged his car. The people in the stadium clapped for Tim and his original red toy car. Tim smiled and said, We did it, car! We won the race!Sammy was nosy and wanted to explore outside. He asked his mom if he could go to the shelter. Mom said it was OK, as long as he said there. He walked outside and found a little bug. He wanted to know where it was going, so he walked behind it. After a while, he got very tired and realized that he was going in reverse! He turned around and started to run back to the shelter. When he got there, he looked around carefully and saw the bug again but it was going the other way! So Sammy realized he had gone all the way around! What an adventure! Now Sammy always looks twice before running in any direction maybe hell find something even better next time!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. Lily wanted to have a picnic with her friends. She thought it would be great fun. So, she asked her friends to come and play with her. On the day of the picnic, Lily and her friends went to the park. They had a great time. They ate yummy food and played fun games. They laughed and played all day long. Then, Lily realized she had forgotten her favorite toy at home. She was sad. But her friends told her not to worry. They shared their toys with her. Lily felt happy again. They all had a great day at the picnic.Alice loved to explore the wild beach. She ran through the sand and discovered many fun things. Today, she found a big oyster. She had never seen one before and was so excited! Alice tapped the oyster and talked to it. Hello, oyster! The oyster did not move. Alice decided to open the oyster. She found a rock inside. It was so heavy she needed help to carry it. Alice asked her parents for help. They said, Lets cover the oyster with a rock. Then we can bring it home. Alice said, Ok! and she found the perfect rock to cover the oyster. When they got home, her parents took off the rock and revealed something lovely. Inside the oyster was the most beautiful pearl! Alice screamed with glee, Look what I found in the wild oyster!Tom and Lily liked to play with their toy cars and trucks. They had many different colors and sizes. They made roads and bridges with blocks and books. They zoomed and honked and crashed their toys. One day, they decided to play a new game. They called it guard the treasure. They found a shiny box and filled it with their prettiest toys. They put the box in the middle of the room and made a circle of cars and trucks around it. They said, This is our treasure and we are the guards. No one can take it from us. But their dog, Spot, was curious. He saw the shiny box and wanted to see what was inside. He walked towards the circle of cars and trucks. Tom and Lily saw him and shouted, Stop, Spot! You cant have our treasure! But Spot did not listen. He pushed his nose through the circle and knocked over some cars and trucks. He opened the box and saw the toys. He liked them and wanted to play with them. He grabbed a toy bear and ran away. Tom and Lily chased him and tried to get the bear back. But Spot was faster and ran around the room. He scattered the toys everywhere. He made a big mess. Tom and Lily were angry and sad. They said, Bad dog, Spot! You ruined our game! Spot did not understand. He thought they were playing with him. He wagged his tail and barked. He dropped the bear and picked up a toy ball. He threw it in the air and caught it. He was having fun. Tom and Lily stopped chasing him. They saw how happy he was. They felt sorry for him. They said, Maybe Spot is lonely. Maybe he wants to play with us. They picked up some toys and joined him. They threw the ball and the bear and the other toys. They laughed and hugged him. They said, We love you, Spot. You can be our friend. They played until they were tired. They cleaned up the mess and put the toys back in the box. They made a new circle of cars and trucks around it. They said, This is still our treasure and we are still the guards. But Spot can share it with us. He is our guard dog. They cuddled with him and fell asleep. They had a good day.Once upon a time, there was a big, fat cat named Fluffy. Fluffy loved to sleep all day and eat lots of food. One day, Fluffy heard a noise outside. He went to the window and saw a fashion show happening on the street. He was so curious that he decided to go outside and see what was happening. When Fluffy got outside, he saw lots of people wearing pretty clothes and walking down a runway. He watched the fashion show for a while and then got tired. Fluffy went back home and took a nap. He dreamt about all the beautiful clothes he saw and wished he could wear them too. The next day, Fluffy woke up and decided to go on a diet. He didnt want to be fat anymore. He started eating healthy food and exercising more. After a few weeks, Fluffy lost some weight and felt much better. He was able to run and play more easily. And even though he couldnt wear the pretty clothes from the fashion show, Fluffy was happy with how he looked and felt.Once upon a time there was a little girl who had a delicate doll. She liked to play games with her doll. One day her mom saw her playing a game and said, No, sweetheart, that is not a nice game to play. You have to be gentle with your doll. The little girl just smiled and kept playing. The mom got angry and said, If you dont listen to me, I will have to punish you! The little girl started to cry, but the mom took her doll away. She said, You have to understand that this doll is delicate. You have to treat her with love, not play mean games with her. The little girl was sad, but she understood and apologized to her mom. Her mom hugged her and said, Thats ok sweetheart. Now go and find something more gentle to play with. The little girl found some nice toys and played happily. She always remembered to treat her toys delicately, so that she would never get punished again.Sam and Tom were brothers who liked to play with their toy cars. They had many cars of different colors and sizes, but their favorite was a big red truck that could make loud noises and reverse. They took turns driving the truck around the living room, pretending to be firemen or builders or explorers. One day, their mom baked a delicious apple pie for dessert. She put the pie on the table and told the boys, The pie is ready, but it is very hot. Do not touch it until after dinner, okay? Sam and Tom nodded and said, Okay, mom. But they were very curious about the pie. It smelled so good and looked so yummy. When their mom went to the kitchen to wash the dishes, Sam and Tom sneaked to the table. They wanted to have a little taste of the pie. Sam reached for the pie, but Tom stopped him. No, Sam, we have to wait. Mom said it is hot. And it is not fair to eat it before dinner. Sam frowned and said, But I want some now. Just a little bit. Mom will not know. He grabbed the pie and pulled it towards him. But the pie was too heavy and slippery for Sam. He lost his balance and fell backwards, dragging the pie with him. The pie flew in the air and landed on the floor, upside down. The crust broke and the filling spilled everywhere. Sam and Tom gasped and stared at the mess. They heard their mom coming back from the kitchen. Oh no, what have you done? their mom asked, shocked and angry. She saw the pie on the floor and the boys with guilty faces. She knew they had disobeyed her. She scolded them and made them clean up the mess. She said, You should have listened to me. The pie was hot and ready, but you were greedy and impatient. Now you have wasted the pie and made a big mess. You will not have any dessert tonight, and you will have to share your red truck for a week. Sam and Tom felt very sorry and ashamed. They apologized to their mom and helped her clean up. They learned their lesson. They realized that they should respect their mom and follow her rules. They also learned to be grateful for what they have and not to be greedy for what they want. They hugged their mom and thanked her for the pie. They promised to be good boys and to share their red truck. They hoped that their mom would bake another pie someday.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim was a normal boy who lived in a small house with his mom, dad, and dog, Spark. Spark was a happy dog who loved to play with Tim all day long. One day, Tim and Spark were playing outside when they saw a big tree. Tim wanted to climb the tree, but he needed help. Spark, I need help, said Tim. Spark wagged his tail and helped Tim climb the tree. They both felt very happy. As they climbed higher, they saw a little bird who was sad. Why are you sad? asked Tim. The bird replied, I need a friend. Tim and Spark smiled and said, We can be your friends! From that day on, Tim, Spark, and the little bird were the best of friends. They played together every day, and they all lived happily ever after.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Amy. She was three years old and very polite. Every day she liked to go to the park to play. One day, when she was at the park, she saw a bright purple balloon. It was so beautiful! As she watched, a little wind came along and floated the balloon over to her. The balloon said hello to her in a friendly voice and introduced himself as Purple. He said he wanted to be her friend and asked if she wanted to go on an adventure. Amy was so excited! She said yes, and before she knew it, the two of them were flying all around the park. Together they spun around the trees, splashed in the river and danced in the flowers. At the end of the day, Purple thanked Amy for the wonderful adventure and promised to return soon. She waved goodbye as Purple floated away, saying goodbye in her polite little voice. Amy couldnt wait to see him again.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to explore the forest near his house. One day, Timmy found a treasure map. The map showed a big X where the treasure was buried. Timmy was so excited to find the treasure that he ran to his friend, Sammy. Sammy, lets go find the treasure! Timmy said. But it looks gloomy outside, Sammy replied. Dont quit now, Sammy! We have to find the treasure! Timmy said with determination. So, they set off into the forest to find the treasure. After a long search, they found the X on the map. They dug and dug until they found a treasure chest. Inside, they found gold coins and shiny jewels. Wow, Timmy! We found the treasure! Sammy exclaimed. Im glad we didnt quit, Timmy said with a smile.One day, Daisy was feeling lonely. She didnt have anyone to play with, but she looked at the sky and saw a wonderful sunrise. Suddenly, a magical sparkle flew from the sky and landed in front of her. It was a sparkle fairy! The sparkle fairy said she was lost and needed help. Daisy said she would rescue her. Daisy used her hand to carefully pick up the sparkle fairy and took her to a safe place. The sparkle fairy thanked Daisy with a happy smile and flew away. Daisy waved goodbye and watched until the sparkle fairy had disappeared into the sky. As Daisy looked back at the beautiful sunrise, she felt proud of herself for rescuing the sparkle fairy. She knew that she had made a difference and hadnt been so lonely after all.Once upon a time, there was a mommy and a baby. The mommy put the baby in a bag. The bag was normal. It was soft and warm, and the baby liked to be inside it. The mommy said to the baby, âœLetâs wrap up the bag! Are you ready?â The baby smiled and said, âœYes!â So the mommy wrapped up the bag and tied it with a ribbon. The baby felt snug and comfy inside the bag. The mommy said, âœNow you look like a present! Letâs go give the bag to Grandma.â The baby giggled and said, âœOk!â And the mommy and baby set off to give the bag to Grandma. Everyone was surprised to find the baby in the bag, but they all hugged her and said, âœWhat a beautiful present!â The end.John was a 3 year old boy who was very excited. He was going to celebrate his moms birthday. He was excited because he was going to cast a special spell. John went around the room looking for something to use for his spell. He found a funny hat and he knew it was perfect. He put the hat on and said a special chant. Suddenly, the ground started to shake and the walls started to crack. John was scared by the sight and started to cry. Mom came in and asked John what had happened. John said he was trying to cast a spell to celebrate her birthday. Mom hugged him and said that spells werent real. John seemed so sad and disappointed. Mom said they would celebrate her birthday in another way.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jason. He loved making things, and his parents had noticed that he was always very creative when it came to his projects, especially crafts. One day, as Jason was playing with his toys, he noticed a glove lying on the ground. It had the softest fur and he couldnt help but want to keep it. Not only was it a fun toy, but he was sure one day he could make something special with it. He happily took the glove to his parents, asking them if he could keep it. His mom smiled and said, Of course you can, if you can think of something creative to make with it. She then gave him a challenge complete something creative with the glove by the end of the day. Jason was excited to take up the challenge and immediately set to work. After a few hours of trying and testing out different ideas, he was finally able to make a beautiful teddy bear using the glove! When Jason showed his parents what he had made, they were so proud of him. Not only had he kept his promise to complete something creative with the glove, but he had also learned a valuable lesson about perseverance and hard work.Tom and Jen were brother and sister. They liked to play in the backyard. One Tuesday, they saw a big hole in the fence. They wanted to discover what was behind it. Lets go, Jen, Tom said. Maybe we can find something fun. No, Tom, Jen said. Mom said we cant go out of the fence. Its not safe. But Tom was persistent. He did not listen to Jen. He crawled through the hole. Jen followed him. She did not want to be alone. They found a big street with many cars. They were scared. They did not know how to go back. They tried to cross the street. But a car was too fast. It hit them. They were hurt. They cried. Mom heard them. She ran to the street. She saw them. She was sad. She called for help. But it was too late. Tom and Jen were gone.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, she went to the kitchen to get some coffee for her mommy. But when she saw the coffee pot, she noticed it was dirty. Oh no! Coffee pot dirty, said Lily. Her mommy heard her and came to see what was wrong. What happened, Lily? her mommy asked. Lily pointed to the coffee pot and said, Dirty! Can we clean it? Yes, lets clean it together, her mommy replied. They washed the coffee pot and then Lily helped her mommy make some fresh coffee. When they were done, her mommy said, Thank you, Lily. You are a big help. Lily smiled and said, I close the coffee pot now. She closed the lid and they both enjoyed a nice cup of coffee together.Once there was a little girl who felt very sick. Her mommy took her to the hospital. As she went in, the little girl saw all sorts of people in their white coats. She was scared. But the doctors and nurses were very gentle. When they first saw the little girl, they all smiled at her. She smiled back. Then they helped the little girl to the special room. The nurse checked the little girls temperature and listened to her heart. She looked in the little girls eyes and used a long, thin tube to look in her mouth. The little girl was afraid, but the nurse was very gentle. Then the doctors used their tools and medicines to make the little girl feel better. The little girl could not recognize all of their tools, but she knew she was in a safe place. When the little girl was all better she went home with a big smile. She was happy to recognize her home and her mommy. The hospital made her feel better and more secure.Once upon a time, there lived a kite who dreamed of soaring. The kite asked her friends, Do you think I can soar in the sky? Her friends replied, Of course! You just need a big, strong wind to help you. The kite awoke early one morning and looked out the window. She saw a beautiful day the sky was blue and the wind was blowing and her dreams seemed closer than ever. The kite tied her strings to a big tree and waited patiently she felt the soft breeze blowing and soon she was airborne. For a few glorious moments she glided, soaring through the clouds and feeling the wind under her wings. Finally the kite came down and found herself at the edge of a smooth sea. She looked out and saw a path of beautiful blue stretching into the morning sky. Smiling, the kite knew that this was the moment she had dreamed of her whole life. She took a deep breath and let the wind take her, soaring over the sea until she couldnt be seen anymore.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to explore and go on adventures. One day, he found a map that showed a treasure hidden in the forest. Timmy was eager to find the treasure, so he followed the map. As he walked through the forest, he met a man who was selling apples. Timmy asked the man if he had seen the treasure, but the man had not. However, the man gave Timmy an apple to eat on his journey. Timmy continued on his adventure and finally found the treasure. He was so happy and excited! He ran back to the man selling apples and showed him the treasure. The man was amazed and gave Timmy another apple as a reward. From that day on, Timmy and the man became good friends and went on many adventures together, always eager to find new treasures.Once upon a time, there was a cow. The cow had a secret that no one knew. One day, the cow revealed its secret. It said it was going to make a big and tasty surprise! The cow worked hard that day, and soon it was ready to show everyone its surprise. The cow shared its surprise, which was a delicious beef dish! The cows surprise was a success! Everyone who tried it said it was the best beef they had ever eaten. The cow was so happy that it had shared its secret with everyone. It knew that its beef surprise was a success.Molly was walking through the forest. She was so excited, because she was looking for a special treat. She had heard that there might be some delicious cheese hidden in the trees. Molly stopped to look up into the branches of the nearest tree. Then, she spotted it a thick wedge of cheese! She couldnt believe her luck. She reached up and tried to grab it, but it was too high. She tried again and again, but still no luck. All of her jumping and stretching wasnt doing the trick. Molly sighed. Just then, a kind squirrel popped out of the tree and said, Do you need help? Molly smiled and nodded. The squirrel kindly reached up and handed her the cheese. Molly thanked the squirrel and said, I knew there would be something special in this forest! The squirrel smiled and said, Youre welcome! Molly happily skipped away, munching on her thick slice of cheese.Once upon a time, there was a big, hairy bear named Bobo. Bobo lived in a nice, green land. The land was called the nation. All the animals in the nation were happy and played together. One day, a big storm came to the nation. The storm broke many trees and homes. All the animals were sad. They wanted to fix their homes and make the nation nice again. Bobo the bear had an idea. He wanted to help restore the nation. So, Bobo and all his friends worked together. They fixed the trees and the homes. Soon, the nation was nice and green again. All the animals were happy and played together once more.Once upon a time there was a hairy pear. It was a very special pear because it had so much hair! One day a little girl came along and wanted to touch the pear. She reached out her hand and touched it. The pear was very soft and fuzzy. The little girl was very happy and started to laugh. She ran around in circles with the pear and had lots of fun. But then something funny happened. When she touched the pear, the hairs started to move! They danced around like little fairy tales. The little girl was delighted. She couldnt believe it! She had found a very special pear. She ran home to tell her mom about her special hairy pear. From then on, the little girl always remembered her special pear.Once upon a time, there was an empty house. In this house, there lived a family of five mom, dad, and three children. One day, the mom and dad decided it was time to teach the children about money. They gave each child a toy cup, and told them they could each use it to collect money. They explained that if they worked hard, they could put money in their cups to serve them in the future. The children were so excited that they ran around the house looking for things to do. They cleaned the kitchen, helped their parents with the dishes, and swept the floor. Each day, the children put a little money in their cups. After a few weeks, the little cups began to fill up. Soon enough, the children had enough money and could buy whatever they wanted. The family was so proud of their hard work and dedication. The empty house was now full of love and money!Once upon a time, there was a big yellow bird named Sunny. Sunny loved to sing and fly in the sky. One day, Sunny met a little bird named Tweetie. Tweetie was sad because she didnt have any friends. Sunny wanted to be Tweeties friend, so he said, Lets share some seeds and be friends! Tweetie was happy and said, Yes! Lets share! They ate the seeds together and sang songs. They had so much fun together that they decided to start a band. They practiced every day and finally had a big concert. All the animals came to watch them play. They played so well that everyone clapped and cheered. They were a success! But then, a big storm came and destroyed their nest. Sunny and Tweetie were sad because they had nowhere to live. They tried to find a new home, but they couldnt. They were so sad that they stopped singing and playing music. The end.Teddy was a 3 year old who always liked to explore. He saw a creek and wanted to check it out. He picked a polite leaf off a nearby tree and put it in his pocket. He walked to the creek where he saw a frog. He smiled at it and the frog nodded back at him. Teddy smiled bigger and the frog nodded again. Teddy waved goodbye and the frog waved back. He continued to explore along the creek until he found a big rock. He sat on it and looked around. He saw butterflies flying nearby and thought it was so pretty. He stayed for a while and watched the insects flutter around. When it was time to go home Teddy was sad to leave. He said goodbye to the creek as he waved one last time. The creek nodded gently to him in a polite way and Teddy smiled. He was so happy to have made a creek friend.One day, a little girl named Lily went to the park with her mommy. They saw a man with a big mustache. Lily asked, Mommy, why does that man have a big mustache? Mommy said, Some people like to grow big mustaches because it makes them look cool. Lily thought the mans mustache looked delicate. Then, Lily saw her friend Tommy playing on the monkey bars. She said, Mommy, I want to play too! Mommy said, Lets see if you can fit on the monkey bars. Lily tried to climb up, but she was too small. She said, I cant fit, mommy. Tommy came over and said, Dont worry, Lily. Ill help you. Tommy lifted Lily up so she could reach the monkey bars. Lily was so happy and said, Thank you, Tommy! Youre my best friend! They played together all afternoon and Lily forgot all about the mans mustache.Once upon a time there was a girl named Lily. She loved to run and play outside. One day, she saw a butterfly and wanted to catch it. She ran after it, but it was too fast and flew away. Lilys mom had a bottle of perfume that smelled really good. Lily loved to smell it and put some on her wrists. She ran around the house, showing everyone how good she smelled. Later that day, Lilys dad played music really loud. Lily danced and sang along. She loved how the music made her feel happy and energetic. It was a fun day for Lily, full of running, smelling good, and dancing to loud music.Once upon a time there was a little boy named Joe. He always wanted to be brave, but he was really scared of things. One day, Joe saw something he had never seen before. It was a big orange truck outside his house. Joe loved things that were orange, and he wanted to explore it. Joe asked his mom if he could take a closer look. She told him it was ok, but to be careful. Joe slowly walked up to the truck and touched it. It was very big and strong, and Joe wanted to resist it. He walked around the truck and saw all of the special equipment he had never seen before. Joe was so excited he wanted to ask the driver about it. Joe knocked on the glass window, but the driver wouldnt answer. Joe kept knocking until the driver finally opened the window. What do you want? The driver asked. Joe said, What do you use all this special equipment for? The driver smiled and said, I use the equipment to help me clean up things that are hard to move around. Joe said, Thank you, sir! I wont resist exploring your truck anymore!Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his toys and eat candy, but he didnt like to clean his room. His mom would always tell him to clean up his junk, but he never listened. One day, Timmys friend Billy came over to play. Billy saw Timmys messy room and said, Wow, your room is so messy! I wish my room was as cool as yours. Timmy felt a little jealous because he didnt want Billy to think he was messy. Later that night, Timmy went to sleep and had a dream that his room was so clean and organized. He woke up and decided to clean up his room. When his mom saw his clean room, she said, Wow, Timmy! Your room looks great! Now you can play with your toys without any junk in the way. Timmy felt proud of himself for cleaning up and promised to keep his room clean from now on.Once upon a time, there was a big hippo. The hippo was very busy and had a lot to do. One day, the hippo needed to load some bananas into a truck. The hippo worked very hard and lifted all the bananas onto the truck. The hippo was very strong! After the bananas were loaded, the hippo took a break and ate some bananas. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy had a black cat named Mittens. Mittens was very friendly and loved to play with Timmy. One day, Timmy and Mittens were playing in the yard when Mittens saw a bird. Mittens chased the bird and accidentally broke a flower pot. Timmys mommy saw the broken pot and asked Timmy what happened. Timmy felt guilty and told his mommy that Mittens broke it. His mommy was very upset and sighed. She told Timmy that he needed to take better care of his things and his cat. Later that day, Timmy and Mittens were playing in the street when a car came by. Mittens ran after the car and got hit. Timmy was very sad and cried. He knew he should have taken better care of Mittens. In the end, Timmy learned a valuable lesson about taking care of his things and his pets.Once upon a time, there were two friends named Timmy and Tommy. They loved to play together every day. One day, they went outside to play in the rain. They jumped in puddles and got very wet. Suddenly, Timmy saw a big stick and wanted to play with it. But Tommy also wanted to play with it. They started to quarrel and argue about who could play with the stick. They both wanted it very much. Their argument got very tight and they both started to cry. Then, Timmy had an idea. He said, Lets share the stick. You can play with it first, then I can play with it later. Tommy thought that was a great idea and they both smiled. They played with the stick together and their friendship became even stronger.Once upon a time, on a Wednesday, there was a chubby cat. The cat saw a flower that was about to bloom. The cat was very happy because it liked to watch flowers bloom. The cat said to the flower, Hi flower, I cant wait for you to bloom! The flower did not say anything because flowers cannot talk. But the cat did not know that. The cat waited and waited for the flower to bloom. But then, a big wind came and blew the flower away. The chubby cat was very sad. It cried and cried because it could not see the flower bloom. The end.Tommy loved to go out in the garden. He had his favourite spot where he would pull up chunks of soil and watch as they broke up into smaller pieces. Today, Tommy was in for a special surprise. As he pulled up a piece of soil, he spotted something shining in the dirt. He reached in and pulled out a purple, shiny stone. Tommy had never seen such a beautiful thing before! He looked inside and saw the stone seemed to have a little sparkle inside. He ran inside to show his parents what he had found. They told him it must be a piece of amethyst and that it was very special. Tommy felt so proud of his special find! He kept it in his pocket and carried it around with him everywhere. He taught himself to say âœamethystâ and used the word to show off to his friends. From that day, Tommyâs love of gardening grew even bigger and he would spend hours outside pulling up chunks of soil. He always had an extra special look out for any more purple treasures.Teacher was happy when Joe came to the classroom. Joe was patient and waited his turn to join the others. He belonged in the classroom with all of the other little ones. Joe played with the blocks and painted pictures with markers. He read books and helped the other children with their puzzles. He was patient with each task and smiled when he was finished. Sometimes, Joe would get frustrated when he couldnt do something right away. But Teacher was very patient with him and reminded him to keep trying. After a few tries, Joe would figure it out and be proud of what he had done. Joe felt like he belonged in the classroom. He was proud to show Teacher all of the things he had learned and he was excited to keep trying new things.Once upon a time, there was a boy called Bob. Bob was only 3 years old but he loved playing outdoors. Today, he was very excited to have a new toy, a pedal car. Bob got it out of the box and he couldnt wait to try it out. He hopped into the seat and started to pedal. It was really fun and he went really fast. Suddenly, Bob felt a bit scared. He was going really weird and he couldnt control it. His dad saw what happened and he came over. He gave Bob a big smile and said, Its okay, Bob. Im here and Ill help you. Bobs dad encouraged him and held the car in the right direction. Pretty soon, Bob was feeling much better and he was enjoying the ride. He kept pedaling and he loved it! He had lots of fun with his new pedal car and he thanked his dad for encouraging him.Once upon a time, there were two friends a little bird and a frog. They were walking together through the forest when the bird stopped and said, I am so tired, lets have a rest. The frog said, Thats a good idea. Maybe we can do some singing? The little bird said, Yes! That is a great plan. So the two friends settled down next to each other and began to sing. Their voices were sweet and dependable, echoing through the forest. Suddenly, the little bird noticed a cord on the ground. It was shiny and long. She said to the frog, What is that? The frog smiled and said, That is the cord to tie friends together. He tied the cord around the bird and frogs feet and said, Now we will always be together. The bird and the frog were happy. They held hands and sang together. From that day forward, they were the best of friends and always dependable to each other.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She liked to look out of the window and see the light shining in the sky. One day, Lily saw a bird flying outside and she felt happy. But then, she saw dark clouds in the sky and started to worry. She thought the bird might get wet and cold. Suddenly, it started to rain and Lily felt sad. She wanted to help the bird, so she opened the window and let it come inside. The bird was happy and Lily felt happy too.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play in her house with her toys. One day, she saw her mom moving a big brown couch. Lily wanted to help her mom, so she tried to move a small chair all by herself. But she slipped and fell on the floor. Her mom heard the noise and came to see if she was okay. Lily was a little bit hurt, but she was more worried about the chair. She was afraid that it was broken. Luckily, the chair was okay, and Lilys mom helped her put it back where it belonged. From that day on, Lily knew that she needed to be careful when moving furniture. She didnt want to slip and fall again. She also learned that its important to ask for help when things are too heavy or too hard to move by herself.Once there was a little girl who loved to play in the garden. One day she was watching the bees as they flew from one flower to the next. She wanted to be like them and fly too! The girl smiled and decided to try. She hugged her bear tight, then she spread her arms out wide. Suddenly a spray came from the sky and the girl laughed in delight. The spray was a special spray that made her float up to the clouds. The clouds were fluffy and white and looked like cotton candy. The girl was so excited she wanted to stay floating among the clouds forever. Meanwhile down on the ground, everyone was reading the news about a very patient girl who had sprouted wings and flew away in the sky. Everyone was fascinated by the story of the girl and wondered how she managed to float in the air.Once upon a time, there were two friends who were very sad. They were miserable because something had vanished. The two friends had lost a very special sword. They looked everywhere for it, but it had gone. On the last day, they found it in a pond, but it was all wet and shiny. The two friends were so happy. They held the sword up and the sun made it sparkle. They held the sword back and forth, and hugged each other, no longer feeling miserable. The sword was back, and their friendship was stronger than ever.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, she wanted to have a party with her friends. So, she decided to invite them over to her house. She made pretty invitations with colorful paper and stickers. Suddenly, there was an emergency! The cake she baked fell on the floor and broke into pieces. Lily was sad and didnt know what to do. But, she remembered that she was creative. She decided to make cupcakes instead and decorate them with sprinkles and frosting. When her friends arrived, they were happy to see the pretty cupcakes. They played games and danced to music. Lily was happy that her friends came to her party and that she was able to be creative and make something yummy for them to eat.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play outside in the sunshine. One day, Timmy found a big, bright rock in his backyard. Mommy, look what I found! said Timmy, holding up the bright rock. Thats very pretty, Timmy, said Mommy. But be careful, it might be sharp. Timmy wanted to keep the bright rock, but his little sister, Lily, also wanted it. They started to argue about who should have it. Just then, Daddy came outside and said, I have an idea. Lets play a game. Well hide the rock and whoever finds it first will get to keep it. Timmy and Lily agreed and started to search for the bright rock. After a few minutes, Timmy found it first and revealed it to everyone. I won! said Timmy, holding up the rock. Lily was sad, but Daddy said, Dont worry, Lily. Youll find something even better one day. Timmy was happy to have won the bright rock and they all went inside for some ice cream.Once there was a person. The person was gentle and liked to talk. One day, this person was walking in the street and they saw a little girl. The person stopped to talk to the little girl. The person smiled at the little girl and said, Hello! What is your name?. The little girl smiled back and said, My name is Patricia. The person said, Thats a very pretty name! What are you doing?. Patricia said, Im playing with my dolls. The person smiled and said, Oh, how fun! Can I join you?. Patricia said, Sure! Lets play together!. The person and Patricia played together for a long time. They talked and laughed. They had so much fun! When it was time to say goodbye, the person gave Patricia a gentle hug and waved goodbye. Patricia waved back and said, Goodbye! Come back and play soon!. The person smiled and said, I will! Goodbye, Patricia.Once upon a time, there was a volcano that spewed lava from deep inside the Earth. One day, a selfish rabbit wanted to climb the volcano and wanted to borrow a rope to help him. He asked the birds for help, but none of them wanted to lend him the rope. Finally, the bear said he could lend him the rope. The rabbit was very happy and could climb the volcano. He had so much fun, but when he wanted to come down, he found out he had left the rope at the top! The bear came to help, and retrieved the rope so the rabbit could come back safely. The rabbit thanked the bear and apologised for being so selfish!Once upon a time, there was a dark night. In the dark, there was something special ready to happen. It was a surprise. Suddenly there was a flash of light. It was very bright in the dark night. The light was a special permit. The night was now allowed to have fun. The surprise was a party for all the animals in the dark night. They danced and played in the light of the permit. The animals had so much fun that they all wanted the night to last forever. But it was time to say goodbye and the dark night returned. But the animals still had the special surprise and the permit that made the night so much fun.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved animals and wanted to go to the zoo. One day, his mother took him to the zoo. They saw lots of animals like lions, tigers, and monkeys. Timmy was very happy. As they were walking around, Timmy saw a sign that said Do not feed the animals. Timmys mom told him it was hard for the animals to eat food that wasnt good for them. Timmy promised to not feed the animals. As they were leaving the zoo, Timmy saw a little girl feeding the animals. He told her it was hard for the animals to eat that food. The little girl said she didnt know and promised to not do it again. Timmy felt happy that he helped the animals and arrived home with a big smile on his face.Lily likes to sing. She sings every day. She sings at home, at school, and in the park. She sings loud and happy. She wants to be a famous singer. One day, a man hears Lily sing in the park. He likes her voice. He works for a big music company. He goes to Lily and says, Hello, little girl. You have a beautiful voice. Do you want to sing for more people? Lily is surprised and excited. She says, Yes, please. I love to sing. I want to be a famous singer. The man smiles and says, Come with me. I will take you to a studio. You can record a song. Then, many people will hear your song on the radio and on the internet. You will be a success. Lily is very happy. She hugs her mom and dad. She says, Thank you, thank you. This is my dream. She goes with the man to the studio. She sings her song. She sings loud and happy. She is a famous singer.Once upon a time there was a boy who wanted to go to the park. He asked his parents if he could go and they said yes, but only if he was careful. The boy was very excited! He put on his shoes and filled his pockets with snacks. He waved goodbye to his parents as he left the house. He walked down the street and soon he could see the park. He was jumping up and down with happiness. But then he remembered that his parents had been anxious when they had permitted him to go. He began to worry that he was not being careful enough. He stopped and remembered all of the safety rules his parents had told him. He crossed the street at the crossing lights, and walked slowly, listening carefully for any cars that might be around. The boy was relieved when he arrived at the park and felt confident that he had been careful. He sat down on the swing and smiled, glad that he had been permitted to come.Once upon a time there was a graceful ostrich. She lived all alone in a big meadow surrounded by an old forest. She always wondered if there was something more exciting in life than just eating the meadow grass. One day, she asked a wise old frog hopping by, do you know of anywhere I can go for an adventure? The frog smiled and replied, I heard there are lots of exciting things around the old windmill in the next valley, why dont you go there and see for yourself? Excited to see what she could find, the graceful ostrich set off for the old windmill. After a long journey, she arrived at the old windmill and saw a big crowd of animals around it. âœWhatâs going on here?â, she asked a nearby fox. The fox replied, âœEveryone is getting ready to compete in the big race around the meadow. The winner will get a delicious treat!â The ostrich was amazed. She had never raced before, but felt like this was something she had to do. So she took a deep breath, stretched her long legs and joined the race. Even though she had never competed before, the ostrich ran gracefully, and soon she was the frontrunner. At the last turn, the other competitors started to catch up, but the ostrich found another gear and sprintedOne day, a little girl was walking down the street with her mom. As they went, the little girl noticed something different. She saw a big puddle in the middle of the road. She wanted to get closer to it, but her mom said no. The little girl felt sad and confused. She didnt understand why she couldnt look at the puddle. A few days later, the little girl and her mom were out again. As they were walking, they noticed a different kind of puddle. This new puddle was in the shape of an animal! The little girl couldnt believe it. There were lots of different animals. The little girl was so excited that she ran to the puddle. She started playing and smiling. Her mom smiled too. This was a special puddle. The little girl remembered the other puddle she saw the other day. She now realized why her mom didnt let her go near it. Because it wasnt special like this one. She was glad she got to come back and enjoy this special puddle with her mom.Once there was a boy named Jack. He was very impatient and wanted to eat right away. His mom gave him a big steak to eat. He was so excited and quickly tried to part it with his fork and knife. He was so impatient he kept stabbing at it. He was so excited that he made a mess with the steak. He ended up eating it with his hands. He ate it so fast that it almost disappeared. He smiled and asked for another steak. His mom said no and gave him a carrot instead. He was not too happy about that so he picked up his plate and ran away.Sara was a squirrel who liked to collect acorns. She was very intelligent and knew how to find the best acorns in the forest. She had a big pile of acorns in her nest, and she was proud of it. One day, she met a new friend, Tom, who was also a squirrel. Tom was very friendly and wanted to play with Sara. He asked her if she wanted to share some of her acorns with him. Sara was not sure. She liked Tom, but she also liked her acorns. She worked hard to get them, and she did not want to lose them. She said to Tom, I dont know. I have many acorns, but I need them for the winter. What if I run out of acorns? Tom smiled and said, Dont worry, Sara. There are plenty of acorns in the forest. We can always find more. Sharing is fun, and it makes us happy. Come on, lets have some acorns together. Sara thought about it. She realized that Tom was right. Sharing was fun, and it made her happy. She decided to give Tom some of her acorns, and they ate them together. They had a good time, and they became good friends. Sara learned that she did not need to worry so much about her acorns, and that she could be generous and kind. She was happy, and so was Tom.Once upon a time, a little girl named Lily went to school. She had a smooth notebook that she loved to write in. Lilys teacher, Ms. Rose, said, Class, today we will be drawing our favorite animals. Please include as many details as you can. Lily was excited to draw her favorite animal, a cute little bunny. She drew the bunnys long ears and fluffy tail, and even included a carrot in the picture. When Ms. Rose saw Lilys drawing, she said, Wow, Lily, this is amazing! You are such a talented artist. After school, Lily was walking home when she saw a mean dog. The dog started chasing her and she dropped her notebook. When she got home and saw her notebook, she was sad because the dog had ripped it apart. She cried and cried, but her mom said, Dont worry, we can buy you a new notebook. From that day on, Lily learned to be careful around mean dogs and always kept her notebook safe.Lila likes to wear her panda hat. It is soft and warm and has two black ears. She wears it every day when she goes to play with her friends. But one day, a big boy sees her panda hat and wants it. He runs to Lila and tries to take it from her head. He says, Give me your hat, it is mine now! Lila is scared and sad. She does not want to lose her panda hat. She holds it tight and says, No, it is not yours, it is mine! Go away, big boy! The big boy is angry and pulls harder. He says, You are a baby, you do not need a hat. I am bigger and stronger, I can have what I want! Lila cries and screams. She does not know what to do. She needs help. Then, she sees her friend Tom. Tom is light and fast. He runs to Lila and the big boy. He says, Stop, big boy, you are mean and bad! Leave Lila alone, she is my friend! Tom pushes the big boy away from Lila. He says, Lila, are you okay? Do you have your panda hat? Lila nods and hugs Tom. She says, Thank you, Tom, you are brave and good! I have my panda hat, it is still mine! Tom smiles and says, You are welcome, Lila, I am glad you are safe. I like your panda hat, it is cute and nice! Lila and Tom walk away from the big boy. They hold hands and wear their hats. They are happy and proud. They are friends.Sara and Ben were twins who liked to play together. One day, their mom gave them a big purple gift to share. She said, This is a special gift for both of you. You have to yield and take turns with it, okay? Sara and Ben nodded and thanked their mom. They opened the gift and saw a shiny purple bike. They both wanted to ride it first. Sara said, I want to go first, I am older by two minutes. Ben said, No, I want to go first, I am bigger by two inches. They started to fight and pull the bike. Their mom heard them and came back. She said, Stop fighting, you two. You have to yield and take turns with the bike, or I will take it away. Sara and Ben said, Sorry, mom. They decided to flip a coin to see who would go first. Sara won the coin toss and got to ride the bike first. She put on her helmet and rode the bike around the yard. She felt happy and proud. She did not want to yield and let Ben have a turn. She said, This is my bike, I won the coin toss. You can wait. Ben felt sad and angry. He said, That is not fair, you have to yield and let me have a turn. Mom said so. Sara said, No, I dont. Go away. She rode the bike faster and faster. She did not see the big rock in her way. She hit the rock and fell off the bike. She hurt her knee and cried. The bike was broken too. Ben ran to help her. He said, Are you okay, Sara? Sara said, No, I am not. I hurt my knee and the bike is broken. Mom will be mad at us. Ben said, I am sorry, Sara. I wish you had yielded and let me have a turn. Maybe we could have avoided the rock. Sara said, I am sorry too, Ben. I was selfish and greedy. I should have yielded and let you have a turn. Maybe we could have enjoyed the bike together. Their mom came and saw what happened. She said, Oh, no. What did you do, Sara and Ben? You broke the bike and hurt yourselves. You did not yield and take turns with the gift, did you? Sara and Ben said, No, mom. We did not. We are sorry, mom. Their mom said, I am sorry too, Sara and Ben. You have to learn to yield and share with each other, or you will lose what you have and hurt yourselves and others. The bike was a gift, not a prize. You have to be grateful and generous, not selfish and greedy. Do you understand? Sara and Ben said, Yes, mom. We understand. We will try to do better next time. The moral of the story is You have to yield and share with others, or you will lose what you have and hurt yourselves and others.Tim and Sam are brothers. They like to play with their toys in their room. Tim likes to keep his toys organized. He puts them in boxes and labels them. Sam likes to make a mess. He throws his toys everywhere and does not care. One day, Tim is very happy. He has a new vest. It is blue and has snaps. He can snap and unsnap it. He thinks it is fun. He puts on his vest and shows it to Sam. Look, Sam, I have a new vest. It has snaps. Do you want to try it? Tim asks. Sam looks at the vest. He does not like it. He thinks it is boring. He wants to play with his cars. He grabs one of Tims cars and zooms it on the floor. No, I dont want to try it. I want to play with this car. It is fast and loud. Vroom, vroom! Sam says. Tim feels sad. He wants to share his vest with Sam. He thinks Sam is being mean. He tries to get his car back from Sam. Sam, that is my car. Give it back. You have your own cars. You can play with them, Tim says. Sam does not listen. He keeps the car and runs away. He bumps into Tims boxes and knocks them over. Tims toys spill out and get mixed up. Tim is very angry. He snaps. Sam, you are very bad. You ruined my toys. You are not my brother. Go away! Tim shouts. Sam feels sorry. He sees that he made Tim mad. He does not want to fight with Tim. He wants to make up. He brings the car back to Tim and gives it to him. Tim, I am sorry. I was wrong. I should not have taken your car. I should not have made a mess. You are my brother. I love you, Sam says. Tim looks at Sam. He sees that Sam is sorry. He does not want to stay mad at Sam. He loves him too. He hugs Sam and smiles. Sam, I am sorry too. I should not have yelled at you. I should have been nicer. You are my brother. I love you too, Tim says. They hug and make up. They decide to play together. Tim lets Sam try his vest. Sam thinks it is fun. He snaps and unsnaps it. Tim plays with his cars. He zooms them on the floor. They share and laugh. They are happy.Once upon a time, there lived a hairy dragon. The dragon was very strong and liked to fly around. But his flying wasnt very good. He could only go a short distance and wasnt very fast. One day, the dragon decided he wanted to improve his flying. He went looking for help. He found a wise owl who knew the secret to better flying. The owl told him he must practice every day. So, the dragon practiced each morning and each night. He improved a little bit each day. Pretty soon he was flying faster and higher and further than ever before. The dragon was so excited! He thanked the wise owl for teaching him how to fly better. Then, he flew off into the sky, happy and strong.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. He was just 3 years old, and one day he noticed that some of the clouds in the sky were doing something strange. They were shooting all sorts of different colours of water into the air! Jack was very curious, so he asked his mom what was happening. His mom smiled and said Those are called rainbows! Its when the sun shines on the water droplets in the sky and they spray into colours. Its like a paintbrush! Jack was so excited. He loved rainbows! That day it was raining, and he kept looking up, hoping to see another one. But then he noticed something else. The rain was dripping down to the earth and making little puddles, but then he saw something completely different. Some of the puddles were spraying up into the air! They were spraying in different directions like little fountains! Jack was amazed. He asked his mom what had happened, and she laughed and said Thats called evaporation! The water heats up and turns into a gas, and when that happens, it sprays up into the air! Jack couldnt believe it. Hed learned something new about the earth, and he loved it!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside and explore the world around her. One day, she found a sign that said Beware of the dog. Lily didnt like the sign because it made her feel scared. As she continued to play, she heard a loud bark. She turned around and saw a big, scary dog running towards her. Lily was very frightened and started to cry. But then, her mom came running over to comfort her. She hugged Lily tightly and told her everything was going to be okay. After a few minutes, the dogs owner came over and apologized. He explained that his dog was actually very friendly and just wanted to play. Lilys mom agreed to let her play with the dog, and they all had a great time together. Even though the dog looked disgusting with his slobber and muddy paws, Lily wasnt scared anymore because she knew he was a good boy.Sam and Sue were best friends. They both liked playing together every day. Today, they were playing tag in the backyard. Sam was feeling very flexible, so he was able to move quickly and catch Sue. Sue started to laugh, and tried to run away. But Sam was ready and he leaned forward and scooped her up in his arms. They both laughed as Sam spun around in circles. Sue leaned against Sam and hugged him tight. They stayed like that for a little while. Then it was time for their tea. Sue gave Sam a big hug, and thanked him for being such a great friend. Sam was so happy. He knew Sue would always be there for him. He hugged her back and said goodbye. As Sam walked away, he smiled knowing that he and Sue were flexible friends who leaned on each other.Lily liked to watch her mom change her baby brothers diaper. She wanted to help, but mom said she was too little. Lily felt sad. She wished she could do big things like mom. One day, mom was busy in the kitchen. She asked Lily to watch her brother for a minute. Lily was happy. She ran to the crib and saw her brother crying. He had a dirty diaper. Lily thought she could change it. She grabbed a new diaper and some wipes from the shelf. She tried to undo the old diaper, but it was hard. She pulled and tugged, but it didnt come off. She made a mess. She started to cry too. She didnt know what to do. Mom heard the noise and came to the room. She saw Lily and her brother covered in poop. She was shocked. She asked Lily what happened. Lily said she wanted to change the diaper, but she couldnt. She said she was sorry. Mom hugged Lily and said it was okay. She said she was proud of Lily for trying to help, but she was too little to change diapers. She said she would teach her when she was bigger. She said she loved her. She cleaned them up and put a new diaper on her brother. Lily felt better. She smiled and kissed her brother. She said she loved him too. She said she would watch him, but not change him. Mom laughed and said that was a good idea. She said they were a good team. Lily agreed. She was happy. She liked to watch her mom change her baby brothers diaper.Lila and Ben are playing in the kitchen. They have a big bowl, a spoon, and some cups. They want to make a treat for Mom and Dad. What do we need? Lila asks. We need milk and cereal, Ben says. And some honey. They find the milk and cereal in the fridge and the honey in the cupboard. They pour some milk into the bowl. Then they pour some cereal on top. They stir with the spoon. Can I have some honey? Lila asks. Sure, Ben says. He pours some honey on Lilas cereal. But not too much. Mom and Dad dont like it too sweet. They fill their cups with the cereal mix. They carry them to the living room. They see Mom and Dad on the couch. They are reading a book. Look what we made for you! Lila and Ben say. Mom and Dad smile. They put down their book. They take the cups from Lila and Ben. Thank you, sweeties, Mom says. This looks like a yummy treat. They taste the cereal. They make a happy sound. Mmm, this is good, Dad says. You are very good cooks. Lila and Ben beam. They sit next to Mom and Dad. They share their treat. They feel warm and light. They love their family.Mona was a three year old girl. She had a bunch of colorful toys in her room. Mona saw some purple toys that she wanted to play with. She grabbed a purple toy and a purple bucket. Mona smiled at the purple bucket. Mona went into her kitchen and found some yogurt. She opened the yogurt and put it into the purple bucket. Monas mom walked into the kitchen. She saw Mona with the yogurt and purple bucket. Monas mom asked, What are you doing, Mona? Mona smiled and said, Im sorting yogurt into the purple bucket! Monas mom smiled, too. She said, Thats okay, Mona. You can sort the yogurt if you want. So Mona kept on sorting the yogurt into the purple bucket until it was all gone. Mona was very proud of her sorting skills. She smiled and proudly said, I did it!Ben and Lily were playing with their toy cars in the living room. They liked to make them zoom and crash and honk. Sometimes they pretended to be drivers and talked to each other. Beep beep, Im a taxi! said Ben, holding a yellow car. Where do you want to go, Lily? I want to go to the park and see the ducks! said Lily, holding a pink car. But first, we need to stop at the shop and buy some bread. OK, lets go! said Ben, and they drove their cars along the carpet. But then they heard a loud noise from the kitchen. It was their mom, and she sounded angry. Oh no, the soup! they heard her say. It boiled over and made a big mess on the stove! Ben and Lily stopped playing and looked at each other. They knew they had to help their mom. They were alert and good children. They ran to the kitchen and saw their mom wiping the soup with a cloth. She looked tired and sad. Mom, were sorry! said Ben and Lily together. We didnt mean to make you mad. Can we help you? Their mom smiled and hugged them. Youre very sweet, my darlings, she said. But you dont have to worry. Its not your fault. The soup was too hot and I forgot to watch it. Its OK, we can still eat it. But maybe you can help me by setting the table and washing your hands. OK, mom! said Ben and Lily, and they ran to do what she asked. They reversed their cars and parked them in the living room. Then they got some plates and spoons and napkins and put them on the table. They also washed their hands with soap and water. Soon, they were all sitting at the table, eating the soup. It was still warm and tasty, and they liked it. They also talked about their day and their plans for tomorrow. They were happy and grateful for their mom and their soup and their cars. They were a good family.Once upon a time, there was a boy called John. He had an idea. He wanted to become lucky! One day he heard a voice say order a plate and so he did. John got a plate and couldnt help but feel excited. He knew something special was going to happen. He put the plate on the table and waited. After a few minutes, a wonderful surprise arrived. A genie appeared from the plate and said I grant you one wish, anything you want. John thought for a while and then said, I want to be lucky. The genie granted his wish and vanished. From that day on, John was very lucky. He got everything he wanted and had the most amazing adventures. Thanks to the magical plate, his luck never ran out!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Victoria. She was a very polite girl who always said please and thank you. One day, she ran into trouble. She couldnt find the toy she wanted. Victoria went over to her dad for help. Daddy, can you supply me with a toy? she asked very politely. Her dad smiled. He explained to her in simple words, I will try my best to find the toy you need, but it might be tricky. Victoria was very relieved. She said, Thank you, Daddy. Im so glad you can help! So together, Victoria and her dad went looking for the toy. After a long search, they finally found it! Victoria was very happy. She gave her dad a big hug and said, Thank you, Daddy! You supplied me with the toy I wanted. Her dad smiled and said, Youre very welcome, my dear. Always remember, if ever you need help, Im here.Please, please come out, shouted the little girl. She wanted to see the reindeer so badly! Suddenly, it started to rain and the girl got so wet. She started to cry. Dont worry, said her mom. Lets go home and then the reindeers will come visit us! The girl was very excited and couldnt wait to get home. But when they got home, the girl saw something outside the window. The reindeer were in the rain, wet and shivering. The girl was so sad. She wanted to help the reindeer but she was too small. She started to cry and said, Please, please dont be wet. But there was nothing she could do and the reindeers stayed out in the rain until morning. The girl never saw them again and she was very sad.Once upon a time, there was a fancy turkey. Every morning, the turkey would roll around in the green field. He loved to run around and have fun. One day, when the turkey was out in the field rolling around, a sweet smell filled the air. The turkey stopped and sniffed the air. What was it? He followed the smell and found a big oven. Inside the oven was a big fancy turkey, all nicely cooked and golden brown. The turkey was so excited and started to run around in circles! He was so happy he even started to do a funny dance he rolled from side to side. The turkey decided he wanted to be as fancy as the one in the oven. He ran back out into the field and rolled around to make himself look nice and fancy. Then he ran back to the oven to show it off. The turkey was so happy that the oven turkey was impressed. The two of them rolled around in the green field all day until it was time for the sun to set. The next day, the turkey was even more fancy, and he rolled around in the green field all morning until he found more oven turkeys to show off to. It was a perfect day!Once upon a time there was a sun. It was very big and bright. But one day, the sun was not so bright. It was very thin. So the sun decided to do something. It wanted to become big and bright again. So it tried and tried. Finally, it found a way. It shined a little bit more and more each day. And each day it got a little bit bigger and brighter. Soon, the sun was as big and bright as it had ever been. Everyone was happy to see the sun so happy. All the people and animals rejoiced! The sun smiled. And it shined brightly every day after.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Sue. Sue loved to enjoy playing outside. One hot day, she saw a letter on the ground. The letter was pretty and colorful. Sue picked up the letter and wanted to see what it said. Sue took the letter to her mom. Her mom read the letter out loud. The letter said, If you enjoy this hot day, you will find a big surprise. Sue got very excited. She wanted to find the surprise. Sue and her mom looked all around the yard. They looked under rocks, in the bushes, and behind the tree. They could not find the surprise. Sue felt sad. The hot day was not fun anymore. The letter did not tell the truth. Sue and her mom went inside, and they did not find the surprise.One day, a little girl was walking in the field. She saw something moving really fast. She looked more closely and it was a rabbit! The rabbit was hopping around and eating some wheat. The little girl decided to get closer. She was excited and wanted to pet the rabbit. But as she tried to get closer, the rabbit started moving faster. The rabbit was so fragile. Its body was so small and it was so hard for it to speed away from the little girl. But it was amazing how quickly it could move! The little girl watched the rabbit until it was out of sight. She was sad that the rabbit had gone, but happy that it was free.Once upon a time there lived a family of ducks. One day, the family wanted to go on a trip. So, the family went to the pond and hopped onto the bus, which was busy with other ducks. The bus was taking them to the park, but it had a little problem. Every time the bus stopped, all the ducks would hear a printing sound. They asked the driver who told them that the printer on the bus had broken. The ducks tried to fix it, but they were too busy. The family knew they wouldnt be able to make it to the park if the printer stayed broken, so they worked hard to fix it. Finally, they got it working again! All the ducks cheered and the bus went on the trip. When they reached the park, they had a great time. The family and all the ducks were so happy that they had managed to fix the printer and take the trip.One day a bear was walking outside in the woods. He wanted to look at the pretty flowers and see all the other animals. He looked and admired everything he saw. Suddenly, he felt a touch on his back. He spun around quickly, and saw a fox. The bear was surprised because he didnt know the fox was there! The fox said, âœI was admiring your fur. It is so rough!â The bear smiled and thanked the fox. He liked that the fox appreciated his fur. The bear and the fox talked for awhile, until the sun went down. They said goodbye and went their separate ways. The bear was very happy he could admire the beautiful animals in the woods and share a special moment with the fox.Once upon a time there was a little rabbit called Jack. One day, Jack was walking in the woods when he noticed something gray in the grass. It was a small frog! Jack looked at the frog and said, âœHello, little frog! What are you doing here?â The frog croaked, âœIâm going to spring away!â Suddenly, Jack heard a loud voice coming from behind him. It was a mean wolf who said, âœYou canât do that! You canât go anywhere without my permission.â Jack was very scared but he didnât want to be rude. So, he said, âœSir, I donât want to be rude, but the frog just wants to have a little fun. Can he please spring away?â The wolf thought for a moment and then said, âœAlright, I guess you can go. But be careful!â The frog thanked them and then bounced away. Jack and the wolf watched as the frog sprang through the woods until he was out of sight. The end.Once upon a time there was a woman who wanted to paint something special. She was very persistent and worked hard every day. She painted and painted until one day she was almost done. But then, there was a problem. The woman was out of paint and was getting very frustrated. She didnt know what to do. Suddenly, a little voice said, I can help! The woman looked down and saw a threeyearold boy smiling up at her. He had a bright blue paintbrush in his hand. The woman asked the boy, Where did you get that brush?. The boy replied, I can help you paint. I was very persistent and I asked my mommy. The woman smiled and thanked the boy. They worked together and soon the painting was finished. The woman was very happy with her new painting. She thanked the little boy for being so persistent and helping her to finish it. They both admired their work and the painting hung proudly in the womans home.Once upon a time there was a rabbit named Charlie. Charlie was very embarrassed because he had forgotten to bring a present for his friends birthday party. He decided to hide behind the lawn just in case anyone would notice him. As he was hiding, he heard a voice. Charlie, where are you? It was his friend! Charlie was so embarrassed that he kept on hiding. Im over here, he said quietly. Charlies friend walked over to where Charlie was hiding. What are you doing hiding in the lawn? You dont need to be embarrassed, Im sure your friend wont mind! Charlie smiled and thanked his friend for understanding. He revealed himself from the lawn, feeling a little bit better. From that day on, Charlie never felt embarrassed to go to a birthday party again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a messy room with clothes and toys all over the floor. One day, her mom came in and said, Lily, your room is so messy! We need to clean it up. Lily didnt want to clean her room because she hated cleaning. She said, I dont want to clean. Cant we just watch TV instead? But her mom said, No, we cant watch TV until we clean up this cable mess on the floor. Its not safe to have cables all over the place. Lily sighed and started to pick up her toys. As she was cleaning, she found a lost toy that she had been looking for. She said, Mom, I found my toy! Im glad we cleaned up. Her mom smiled and said, See, its not so bad to clean up. Now lets finish so we can watch TV together.Lily was a curious girl. She liked to look at everything and ask questions. One day, she saw a big jar of honey on the table. She wanted to taste it. She climbed on a chair and reached for the jar. But the jar was too heavy for Lily. She lost her balance and fell off the chair. The jar fell with her and broke on the floor. The honey spilled everywhere and made a sticky mess. Lily was hurt and scared. She started to cry. Mama heard Lilys cry and ran to the kitchen. She saw Lily on the floor with honey and glass around her. She was very angry and worried. She picked up Lily and checked her for cuts. She said, Lily, what did you do? You were very naughty and foolish. You could have hurt yourself badly. You are not allowed to touch the honey. It is not for you. It is for the bread. Now you have to seat in the corner and think about what you did. And you have to help me clean up this mess later. Lily felt very sorry and sad. She did not mean to make Mama angry and worried. She just wanted to taste the honey. She did not know it was so heavy and dangerous. She said, Im sorry, Mama. I was curious. I wont touch the honey again. Please dont be mad at me. Mama hugged Lily and said, Im not mad at you, Lily. I love you. But you have to listen to me and be careful. Honey is good, but it is not worth getting hurt. Now go and seat in the corner and think about what you did. And then we will clean up together. Lily went and sat in the corner. She felt very bad. She wished she had not touched the honey. She wished she had a happy ending.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lily. She had a big house with a garden. Lilys mommy and daddy were very rich, so they could buy her lots of toys. Lily loved to play with her dolls and teddy bears. She also had a big foot, which she used to stomp around the house. One day, Lily wanted to own a new toy. She asked her mommy and daddy, but they said she already had enough toys. Lily was sad, so she went outside to play in the garden. She saw a butterfly and started to chase it. Suddenly, she saw a shiny coin on the ground. She picked it up and ran back inside to show her mommy and daddy. They were very happy and proud of her. They said she could use the coin to buy a new toy. Lily was very happy and hugged her mommy and daddy with her big foot.Once upon a time, there was a little girl. One day she had an interesting idea. She wanted to make a special snack. She went to the pantry and saw all the food. She wanted to mix them all together! Her mom saw her and said, âœThatâs an interesting idea! Letâs try it!â So, the little girl and her mom gathered all the ingredients. Then, they mixed the ingredients together in a bowl. It was a lot of fun! After that, they put the mixture in the oven. It cooked for a while, then the mom said, âœItâs ready! Letâs try it!â So, they took out the snack and tried it. It was delicious!They both laughed and said, âœThis was a great idea!âOnce upon a time there was a little girl called Jess. Jess was only 3 years old, but loved wearing beautiful summer dresses. One day Jess wanted to go out sailing in her daddys boat on the lake. When they got to the lake they realized they had forgotten to bring the sail! Jess was very embarrassed and started to cry. Her dad said to her Theres no need to be embarrassed Jess, sometimes we forget things and thats ok. OR, we can find a solution if we use our imagination! So, Jess and her dad used a big blanket to make a sail. After lots of hard work, the sail was ready! Jess and her dad were so proud of their sail and went sailing on the lake. The moral of the story is its ok to make mistakes, but its even better if we use our imagination to find a solution.Once upon a time there was a boy named Ben. Ben was three years old and loved to store his toys in his bedroom. He even had a special place where he stored his favorite toy. One day Ben felt a strong urge to open his special toy box, but the lid was broken. He tried again and again but it wouldnt open. He started to feel sad and didnt know what to do. Then his mom came into the room. When she saw Ben struggling with the toy box she said, âœWhy dont you let me help you, Ben?â Ben was happy to accept the help. His mom used a screwdriver to carefully open the lid, and Ben gasped with wonder. Inside the box he found a lovely surprise a toy truck! Ben clapped with joy and gave his mom a big hug. His urge to open the box had been worth it. From now on, Ben promised himself hed always store his favorite toy safely in the box.Once upon a time there was a little girl called Gwen. She was three years old and really liked to make things. She was playing with her back yard when she discovered an old box. Inside the box, Gwen found a pot of thick glue. Gwen was very excited to play with it and came up with an idea. Gwen went inside her house and came back outside with some bits of paper, scissors and some other bits and pieces. She set them all out on the grass and started to assemble them. As she was doing this, Gwens mum saw what she was making and went outside to talk to her. Mum Gwen what are you making? Gwen Im making a house! Mum That sounds like fun. Is there anything I can do to help you Gwen Yes! Can you help me to glue these pieces together? Mum Of course I can. Come here and show me what to do. Gwen took the pot of glue and showed her mum how to carefully spread a thin layer onto each piece of paper. She then pointed to where the pieces should be placed and watched carefully as her mum put them in place. When the glue was dry, Gwen very proudly showed her mum the completed house. Mum Wow! Look at your fantastic little house. Well done GwenOnce there was a kindhearted ant. He wanted to be clean so he went in search of something to wash himself with. He found a gentle stream nearby and hopped in. He felt the water on his body and the stream washed him clean. After he was finished, he felt refreshed and happy. The ant made his way back home and went to see his friends. He told them of his experience and encouraged them to wash too. His friends were so grateful for his guidance and compassion. The little ant helped his friends find a stream and showed them how to wash. They also felt refreshed and happy once they were clean. Now the little ant and his friends could get back to enjoying the warm sunshine and fresh air.Sara and Ben were playing with bubbles in the park. They had a big bottle of soap and a wand. They blew bubbles and watched them fly in the air. They laughed and clapped when the bubbles popped. Look, Sara, I made a big bubble! Ben said. He held the wand up and showed Sara a huge bubble. It was shiny and round. Wow, Ben, thats a great bubble! Sara said. She was proud of her brother. He was good at making bubbles. But then a mean boy came and saw the bubble. He wanted the bubble for himself. He ran to Ben and grabbed the wand. Give me that! I want the bubble! he demanded. He tried to pull the wand from Bens hand. No, its mine! Go away! Ben said. He held on to the wand. He did not want to share with the mean boy. Stop it! You are being rude! Sara said. She came to help Ben. She pushed the mean boy away. The mean boy was angry. He stomped his foot and shouted. He blew hard at the bubble. The bubble burst and splashed soap on his face. Ow! That hurts! he cried. He rubbed his eyes and ran away. Sara and Ben hugged each other. They were happy. They had their wand and their bubbles. They did not like the mean boy. He was not nice. They continued to play with bubbles. They made more big bubbles and small bubbles. They had fun. They were proud of their bubbles.Once upon a time, there was a purple cube. It was very special. The cube was special because it could change shape. It could be a cube, a rectangle, and sometimes even a square. Every day the cube was a different shape. One day, the cube was very excited. It was changing shape on its own. The cube was becoming bigger and bigger until it was as big as a house. It was amazing! The purple cube was so happy, it wanted to show everyone its new shape. The cube went outside and flew around the town. Everyone was delighted to see the wonderful purple cube. Finally, the purple cube changed back to its cube shape. It was happy it could share its shapechanging secret with the world!Once upon a time, there was a little boy who was very brave. One day he decided to go outside and explore the world. As he balanced on the edge of a bridge, he saw a spoon in the water below. He wanted to get the spoon, so he carefully climbed down the bridge. When he got to the bottom, he was very frightened. He tried to balance on the edge of the water but it was too slippery. He tried to find something else to hold onto but his hands kept slipping. Then suddenly a voice called out. It was his mom! Come back honey! That water is too dangerous for you, she said. The little boy was relieved. He reached out his hand and his mom carefully helped him back to the bridge. Then they went back home together, and the little boy never tried to balance on the water again.Once there was a little girl called Claire. Claire was a very troubled girl, and she often felt things that she didnt really understand. One day, she was feeling particularly sad. She wanted to find something that would make her happy. So, she went to her mum, who gave her a big hug and a special mug. It was a very special mug. On it were the words Everything will pass. Claire didnt know what that meant, but she liked the way the mug looked. She took a sip from it and it tasted sweet, like a little bit of love. Claire realised that nothing lasts forever and that even when she felt particularly troubled, it would pass. She finished her drink, giving it a little kiss. Then, with a smile, she passed the mug to her mum.The sky was so big and blue. One day it started to rain. The rain came down like tiny little crystals. It was a beautiful sight. The little girl was standing in the rain, helpless. She was so tiny and the rain was all around her. She opened her mouth, feeling the rain splash onto her face. She smiled, it felt so special to dance in the rain. Suddenly, a clap of thunder shook the sky. The little girl was scared, but she didnt run away. She just stood there helplessly. But the rain kept on coming. It was like blessing from above, like the sky was enjoying the sound of her laughter. The girl smiled and started to twirl around, feeling the cool crystals on her skin. The rain went on for a long time. But eventually, it stopped. The little girl was cold, but she was happy. She had danced and enjoyed the rain.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim loved to go to the library with his mom. At the library, he would find many books with fun pictures. One day, Tim saw a big balloon outside the library. The big balloon would rise up into the sky. Tim wanted to catch the balloon, but it was very high. He was a persistent boy and did not give up. Tim asked his mom for help. Together, they found a tall ladder. They put the ladder next to the big balloon. Tim climbed up the ladder and caught the balloon. Tim was very happy and shared the balloon with his friends at the library.Once upon a time there was a little girl. She was very happy and liked to play with her toys. One day she wanted to explore and see what was around her. She put on her shoes and ran outside. When she looked up, she saw a big tree with a rope dangling from a branch. She wanted to climb the tree and see what was at the top. She grabbed hold of the rope and started to climb higher and higher. She was so pleased with herself that she could climb so high. At the top of the tree was a nest. Inside the nest was a small safe. The girl was so curious that she wanted to open the safe. But when she opened the safe, all she saw was a note inside. On the note the word selfish was written. The girl knew that the safe was not for her and so she decided to leave it where it was and climb down the tree. The little girl learned a valuable lesson being selfish is not okay.Once, there was a dead neighbor. Everyone was sad, so they decided to bury him. They dug a big hole and put him in the ground. They said goodbye and covered him with dirt, rocks, and flowers. The neighbors family was sad, but they were happy he was now in a peaceful place. Everybody cried. Then, everyone gathered and held hands around the neighbors grave. They sang a song for him and gave him lots of hugs. Afterward, they all went home knowing he was resting in a happy place. The family planted a tree to remember the neighbor. They said, Whenever we look at this tree, we will think of our neighbor and our love for him. The tree grew big and strong and everybody was happy again.Once upon a time, there was a farmer who had a lot of rice. He and his wife were very happy because they had plenty of food. One day, the farmer wanted to go to a neighbouring village to see if he could buy some more rice. His wife disagreed. She said it was too dangerous because the journey was very long. But the farmer was determined to go and they started to argue. The farmer finally convinced his wife that it was safe and he left. But little did they know that danger was lurking. When the farmer arrived at the neighbouring village, he was suddenly attacked by two bandits. They robbed him of all his money and he had nothing left. He returned to his home, feeling sad and with no rice. The farmer and his wife disagreed no more. They learned a lesson never go anywhere if it is dangerous.Once there was a very eager bird who wanted to fly. She had big, strong wings and was determined to jump off the tree branch and take off into the air. The bird stood on the branch for a moment, taking a deep breath. Then, she jumped with all her might. But instead of sailing up, she grabbed on to a branch below. She was a bit confused, so she tried again. This time, she grabbed onto another branch and hung on tight. She tried one more time and this time was the charm. She soared into the sky, happy as could be. She flew around and around, enjoying the feeling of the cool breeze against her feathers. She was so happy that she started singing just like the other birds. The little bird flew high in the sky and was happy with her journey. From that day on, the bird was always eager to take to the skies once again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily who loved to eat candy. One day, she found a big bag of colorful candies and she ate them all at once. Suddenly, she felt sick and her tummy hurt a lot. Lilys mom noticed that she was not feeling well and asked her what happened. Lily said, I ate too much candy and now my tummy hurts. Her mom said, Oh no, this is an emergency! We need to go to the doctor. At the doctors office, Lily told the doctor that her tummy hurt and she felt like she couldnt hear very well. The doctor said, Dont worry, youre not deaf. You just have a tummy ache from eating too much candy. The doctor gave Lily some medicine to help her feel better. Lily learned her lesson and promised to never eat too much candy again. She thanked her mom and the doctor for helping her and said, I dont want to taste too much candy and get sick again.Once there was a little bear who behaved terribly. He ignored his mother bear and instead stole a bottle of honey. He didnt care how bad this was, he just wanted something sweet. The little bears mother was very angry and told him off. But the naughty bear didnt seem to listen and kept on eating the honey. After a while, all the honey was gone. The mother bear said, Now you must face the consequences. She put her bear cub outside in the cold. The little bear stayed out there for hours and by the time he came back, he was shivering. His mother said, This is what happens when you behave terribly! The little bear never did anything wrong again and he learned to appreciate the special treats his mother gave him!Once there was a poppy. It was so pretty with its red petals. One day, something very sad happened, the poppy became dead. The news spread all around the meadow. Every creature was both sad and scared. Then, something amazing happened. A drop of water touched the dead poppy, and it started to come back to life. Soon enough the poppy was alive and blooming once again! The news quickly spread, and all the creatures in the meadow were so happy. They cheered and danced, and all agreed that the poppy was the most beautiful sight they had ever seen. The little poppy and its red petals will forever be remembered in the meadow, and all of its inhabitants will spread the news of its revival.Once upon a time, there was a mommy and a little girl who went to the beach. The little girl loved to play on the shore. Suddenly, the waves got bigger and bigger, until the little girl was in danger. Mommy was so scared, but she was brave and ran into the water to rescue her little girl. The mommy grabbed the little girl and carried her back to the shore. Finally, the little girl was safe and back on the beach. From then on, mommy and the little girl always went to the beach together, but mommy made sure to stay nearby so that she could always rescue her little girl, if needed. The two of them had a great time playing together in the sand and enjoying the normal things that the shore had to offer. They stayed until it was time to go home. The End.Lily and Ben are friends. They like to play outside. One day, it rains a lot. Lily and Ben are happy. They put on their boots and coats. They go to the park. In the park, they see many puddles. Puddles are water on the ground. Lily and Ben jump in the puddles. They splash and laugh. They make big waves. They have fun. A dog comes to the park. The dog is friendly. He wags his tail. He likes puddles too. He runs and jumps with Lily and Ben. He barks and licks them. They pet him. They make a new friend. The dogs owner comes to the park. He is looking for his dog. He sees Lily and Ben. He smiles. He says thank you. He says his dog is called Spot. He says Spot likes to play with kids. He says he can provide a towel to dry them off. He says they can come to his house for a snack. Lily and Ben say yes. They follow the owner and Spot. They dry off and eat cookies. They play with Spot some more. They are happy. They have a good day.Once upon a time, there was a kind man. He had a pet rabbit and he fed it every day. The rabbit was very happy because the man always gave it something yummy. One day, the man decided he wanted to see what was behind the big door. He opened the door and saw a big garden with lots of carrots! He decided to gather some carrots and take them home to feed to his rabbit. The rabbit was so excited and the man was so happy he could make his pet happy. The man and the rabbit enjoyed the carrots together. They both had a wonderful time and were very happy. The kind man continued to feed his pet and they both lived very contentedly ever after!Once upon a time, there was a bear named Bob. Bob was very brave and strong, but one day he took an ugly fall. He landed on his back and felt very sad. Bob didnt know what to do. He wanted to heal, but he had no idea how. Suddenly, he heard a voice that said, Bob, believe in yourself and you will heal! Bob smiled and believed in himself. With every breath, he felt better and better. Soon, Bob was running and playing, just like before the fall. The end.Thomas was very excited. He had a special surprise for his family. He had a box of pastels in his hand. They were so beautiful and colourful. Thomas couldnt wait to share them. He opened the box and smiled as he saw the pastels inside. They were pink, yellow and blue. He gave a pastel to his Mom and Dad. They said it was so tasty. He also gave a pastel to his brother, his sister and their puppy. They all said it was delicious. Thomas was happy. He was glad that he could share the pastels with everyone. He was sure they would have fun making artwork and enjoying the tasty treats.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Mia. She loved to play near the water. One sunny day, she went to the beach with her mom. The sand was warm and the water was perfect. Mia saw a big wave coming. She was scared. Mom, I dont like the big wave! she said. Her mom hugged her and said, Dont worry, my love. I will care for you. The wave wont hurt you. Mia felt safe with her mom. They played in the water and laughed. The big wave came and went, but Mia was not scared anymore. She knew her mom would always care for her. And they had a perfect day at the beach.Once upon a time, there lived two friends called Lucy and Jack. They both loved to play in an oak tree in Lucys garden. Every day, Lucy and Jack would climb the big oak tree, pass the leaves and giggle. They felt so free and joyful. One day, when Lucy and Jack were playing, they saw a baby bird struggling to fly. At first they felt sad, but then they decided to help teach the baby bird how to fly. They patiently showed him how to flap his wings. It couldnt fly right away, so they taught him again and again. At last, the baby bird lifted off the ground! Lucy and Jack were so delighted their faces lit up with delight. Then they started to laugh, a healthy and happy laugh that filled the whole garden. The baby bird flew away while Lucy and Jack waved goodbye. From that day on, they were the best of friends!Tom and Sam were brothers. They liked to play with their toys and books. But they did not like to share. They always fought over who got the best toy or book. One day, their mom said, We have a guest coming to stay with us. Her name is Anna. She is your cousin. She will sleep in your room. You have to be nice and welcome her. Tom and Sam were not happy. They did not want to share their room with Anna. They did not want to share their toys and books with her. They thought she would take their things and break them. When Anna arrived, she was very shy and quiet. She had a small bag with her. She did not have many toys or books. She said hello to Tom and Sam, but they did not say hello back. They ignored her and went to play with their own things. Anna felt sad and lonely. She sat on the bed and looked at the pictures on the wall. She saw a photo of Tom and Sam smiling and hugging. She wished they would be friends with her. That night, Tom and Sam slept on the bed and Anna slept on the floor. She did not have a pillow or a blanket. She was cold and scared. She missed her home and her parents. She heard Tom and Sam whispering. They were making fun of her. They said she was poor and boring. They said they did not want her in their room. They said they wished she would go away. Anna started to cry. She tried to be quiet, but Tom and Sam heard her. They felt bad. They realized they had been mean and selfish. They remembered how their mom had taught them to be kind and generous. They remembered how they had felt when they had visited their grandparents and they had welcomed them with love and gifts. They got up and went to Anna. They said they were sorry. They said they wanted to be friends with her. They said they would share their bed and their toys and their books with her. They said she was their cousin and they loved her. Anna smiled and hugged them. She said she was sorry too. She said she wanted to be friends with them. She said they were her cousins and she loved them. They all climbed on the bed and snuggled together. They told each other stories and jokes. They laughed and had fun. They felt warm and happy. They learned that sharing and welcoming are amazing. They learned that being kind and generous makes everyone happy. They learned that family is important and precious. They learned that they were lucky to have each other.One night, a little girl was walking down the hall. She saw something beautiful. It was a soft, fluffy bed. She had never seen one before. She was so excited! She climbed in and snuggled into the soft bed. Before she knew it, she was sound asleep. The little girl had the most wonderful dream. When she woke up the next morning, she could still feel the softness of the bed. She smiled to herself and climbed out of the bed. She knew she would never forget her beautiful, dreamy sleep.Anna and Ben are friends. They like to play outside. But today the weather is bad. It is cold and wet. They cannot go to the park or ride their bikes. Lets play inside, Anna says. We can make signs for our rooms. OK, Ben says. That sounds fun. What kind of signs do you want to make? Anna thinks for a moment. She likes modern things. She likes bright colors and shapes. She says, I want to make a sign with a star and a heart. And I want to write my name in big letters. What about you? Ben likes modern things too. But he likes different colors and shapes. He says, I want to make a sign with a circle and a square. And I want to write my name in small letters. Lets go get some paper and crayons. They go to Annas room. They find some paper and crayons. They start to make their signs. They draw and color. They write their names. They are happy. They show each other their signs. Wow, your sign is very modern, Anna says. I like your circle and square. They look cool. Thank you, Ben says. Your sign is very modern too. I like your star and heart. They look pretty. They smile at each other. They are proud of their signs. They hang them on their doors. They say, These are our rooms. These are our signs. We are modern friends.Once upon a time, there was a princess. She liked to imagine things. She imagined a big shiny silver castle. It was so tall, it touched the sky. She imagined walking in the castle, it felt safe and happy. Then she imagined finding a silver key in the castle. She picked it up and put it in her pocket. Later, she found a door in the castle and opened it. Behind the door, was a beautiful silver garden! She imagined the garden was safe and full of wonderful things. The princess smiled. She was so happy she could imagine wonderful places like this. The end.Once there was a little girl called Alice. She was very brave, but one day she got scared. Alice was playing in the park when she saw a ghost. It was white and it floated in the air. Alice wanted to run away, but the ghost said, Stop. Alice stopped and looked at the ghost. The ghost said, Dont be scared. Im not a bad ghost. Alice was still a bit scared, but the ghost said, I only want to be your friend. Alice smiled and said, Okay! She laughed and the ghost laughed too. From that day on, Alice was no longer scared of ghosts. She knew they werent all bad.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Kate. Kate wanted to play with her friends at the club. But when she got there, she saw that her friends were spinning around the club like crazy. They were so busy playing, that they didnt even notice Kate. She felt sad and left out of their game. So, she thought of a plan. First, she found a big stick and spun it really fast. Her friends were so surprised that they stopped spinning and asked her to join in. But then, one of Kates friends was not so nice. She was selfish and did not want to share the stick. So, Kate found another stick and shared it with her friends. Soon enough, everyone was happily spinning around the club. Kate was so proud that she could play with her friends and share the stick. Happy and content, they all went home.Once upon a time there was a girl. She liked to draw. Every day she used bright pastels to make pictures and fill her world with colourful fun. She was very excited one day when she found some special red pastels. She couldnt wait to see what kinds of pictures she could make with them. She worked very hard, mixing and blending the colours, creating something new. When she was finished, she was pleased with her work. Everywhere she looked were reds and pinks and oranges, swirling together to make magical pictures. She was very proud of herself, and showed her pictures to her family and friends. They all said she was a master artist, and she felt so happy. The little girl went on to make many more pictures, but none were as bright or as beautiful as her red pastel pictures.Maury had a basketball. He wanted to play with it, but it was dirty. So he found a bucket and some soap, and he began to clean. He scrubbed and scrubbed, but the dirt was tough. He kept scrubbing, though, even when his arms hurt. Finally, with one last scrub, the dirt was gone. The basketball was clean and shiny now. Maury was so happy, he couldnt wait to play with it. He dribbled it all around the house, and his parents cheered. He had worked so hard to make it clean. It was the best game of basketball ever. Maury and his parents played together, and had so much fun. They all thanked Maury for his hard work. His basketball was clean and ready for lots of games!Once upon a time, there were two friends Sam and John. They were both very competitive. One day, they were playing in the backyard. Sam wanted to try something new. He asked John to help him. He said, Lets push the steel box! John said Ok. Lets see who can push it the furthest! They both grabbed the box and started pushing it. Sam pushed and pushed and pushed. He was so strong! John pushed and pushed too, but he couldnt quite match Sams strength. Sam pushed the box all the way to the end of the yard! John clapped. Wow, Sam! You did it! You are so strong! Sam was so proud of himself. He said, That was so fun! Lets do it again! John and Sam had a great day. They pushed and pushed the steel box and had lots of fun!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a cute puppy named Max. Max was so adorable with his fluffy fur and wagging tail. Lily loved to play with Max all day long. One day, Lilys mom asked her to help her carry some things. Lily tried to lift them, but they were too heavy. Mom, this is too much weight for me, she said. Its okay, Lily. Youre still small. Youll get stronger as you grow, her mom replied. Later that day, Lily and Max were tired from playing. Max, lets go sleep, Lily said. Max happily wagged his tail and followed her to bed. They snuggled up together and fell asleep, dreaming of all the fun they would have tomorrow.Anna liked to play in the park with her friends. They liked to climb the big tree and sit on the branches. They felt like birds in the sky. Sometimes they sang songs and told stories. One day, a new boy came to the park. His name was Ben. He wanted to play with Anna and her friends, but he was shy. He did not know how to climb the tree. He watched them from the ground and wished he could join them. Anna saw Ben and felt sorry for him. She was a compassionate girl. She wanted to help him. She asked her friends to permit Ben to play with them. They agreed. They climbed down from the tree and greeted Ben. They taught him how to climb the tree and sit on the branches. They shared their songs and stories with him. Ben was happy. He thanked Anna and her friends for being kind to him. He said he liked the tree and the branches. He said he liked them too. They became friends and played together every day. They felt like birds in the sky.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to eat grapes, and her mommy always gave her a big bowl of them to snack on. One day, Lily was playing outside when she saw a bird flying in the sky. She looked up and said, Wow, look at the bird! Its so pretty. Later that day, Lilys mommy asked her to help pick some grapes from the garden. Lily was very excited because she loved grapes. As she was picking the grapes, she saw the same bird she saw earlier sitting on a tree nearby. She said, Hi birdie, do you want some grapes too? The bird looked at Lily and flew away. Lily was thoughtful and wondered why the bird didnt want any grapes. She thought maybe the bird didnt like grapes or maybe it already had its own food. As she finished picking the grapes, she saw the bird again. This time, it was holding a grape in its beak. Lily smiled and said, Oh, the birdie wanted a grape after all! How nice!Once upon a time, there was a bright duck who liked to zoom around the pond. He made lots of friends when he zoomed around, and everyone in the pond was happy. But then one day a big bird came and tried to take the duck away. The duck tried to zoom away but the big bird was too fast. He tried but he couldnât escape. The duck was very scared but he didnât give up. He tried to think of a plan, but it was too late. The big bird grabbed him with its claws and flew away. The other animals in the pond were sad. They missed the bright duck and wished he had been able to zoom away. The bright duck was never seen again. The end.Once upon a time there was a green top. The green top glowed in the dark. It was so shiny and sparkly. Everyone wanted to have the green top. One day, a little girl saw the green top. She was so happy and she wanted to keep it. She asked her mom if she could have the green top and her mom said yes. The little girl kept the green top in her bedroom. Every night when it was dark, the green top glowed so brightly. It lit up her bedroom and she was never scared in the dark. The little girl and the green top were best friends and they played together every day. The green top glowed and it was the best top in the whole world!Anna and Ben were on the same team for the game. They had to get the ball from the other team and put it in the goal. Anna was good at running and Ben was good at kicking. They liked to play together. But the other team was bigger and stronger. They pushed and pulled and took the ball away. Anna and Ben tried to resist, but they could not get the ball back. They felt sad and angry. Lets try again, Anna said to Ben. We can do it if we work together. OK, Ben said. But we have to be gentle. We dont want to hurt anyone. They waited for the right moment. When the other team was not looking, they ran to the ball. Anna grabbed it and passed it to Ben. Ben kicked it hard and fast. The ball flew past the other team and into the goal. Yay! Anna and Ben shouted. We did it! We scored! They hugged and highfived. The other team looked surprised and upset. But then they clapped and smiled. Good job, one of them said. That was a nice play. Thank you, Anna and Ben said. You played well too. They shook hands and hugged. They learned that they could resist and win, but they also had to be gentle and kind. They were happy to be on the same team.Daniel was a brilliant three year old. He loved to sort things. One day his mum brought home a big box. Inside the box was lots of different tops. Daniel couldnt wait to sort them all out. First, he sorted the tops into colours. He put all the red ones together and all the blue ones together. Then, he sorted them by size. He put all the big ones in one pile and all the small ones in another. After that, he sorted them by shape. He put all the round ones in one group and all the square ones in another. When he had sorted them all, he looked at his piles and felt very proud. He had sorted them all in a very brilliant way. Daniels mum was very proud too and she gave him a big cuddle. She told him how brilliant he had been. Daniel was so happy he couldnt wait to go sorting again the next day.Once upon a time, there was a mighty cat named Tom. Tom lived in a small house with his best friend, a little girl named Sue. They loved to play together all day long. One day, Tom and Sue saw a big door with a sign that said Exit. They were very curious and decided to open the door. Behind the door, they found a room full of big, noisy things. The noise was so loud, it disturb Tom and Sue. They tried to leave the room, but the door was locked. Tom and Sue were very sad and scared. They could not find a way to get out. The noise kept getting louder and louder, and they missed their quiet home.Lila was upset. She missed her mom. Her mom went to work in the sky. She flew in a big metal bird. She said she would be back soon. But Lila did not know when soon was. She looked out the window. She saw the moon and the stars. They were bright and shiny. She wondered if her mom could see them too. She wondered if her mom was in the universe. She wanted to talk to her mom. She picked up her phone. She pressed the green button. She heard a beep. She said, Mom, are you there? I miss you. I love you. Come back soon. She waited for an answer. She heard another beep. She heard a voice. It was her mom. She said, Lila, Im here. I miss you too. I love you more. Im in the sky, but I can see the moon and the stars. They are beautiful. Just like you. Ill be back soon. I promise. Lila smiled. She felt happy. She said, Mom, you are beautiful too. Im glad you can see the moon and the stars. They are in the universe. Just like us. Ill wait for you. I promise. She pressed the red button. She put down her phone. She hugged her teddy bear. She looked out the window again. She waved to the moon and the stars. She said, Good night, mom. Good night, universe.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys. One day, she found a loop of string on the ground. She picked it up and looked at it. It was so pretty! She decided to make a necklace out of it. Lily went to her room and got some beads. She put the loop around her neck and started to push the beads onto it. It was hard work, but she did it! When she finished, she looked in the mirror. She felt so proud of her beautiful necklace. Later that day, Lily showed her necklace to her mom. Her mom said, Wow, Lily! You are so creative and talented! You made a beautiful necklace. You are so rich in imagination. Lily smiled and felt happy. She loved her new necklace and was proud of herself.Once upon a time, there was a doggy named Max. Max was a good boy and had a red collar. He loved to play with his ball and bark at the birds. Maxs owner was a rich man who gave him lots of treats. One day, Max ran out of his yard and got lost. He was scared and lonely. He walked for hours until he found a new home. The new family gave him food and water, but they didnt know he had an owner who cared for him. Max missed his owner and wanted to go back home. But he didnt know how. His owner put up posters all over town, but nobody saw them. Maxs owner was sad and missed him too. Years went by and Max grew old. One day, he got sick and couldnt move. The new family took him to the vet, but it was too late. Maxs owner never saw him again and was heartbroken. The new family didnt know Max had an owner who cared for him and buried him in their backyard.Mommy had a plan. She was going to get an expensive toy for the little girl. The little girl was so excited! She couldnt wait! Mommy took the little girl shopping. The store was full of toys, but none of them seemed quite right. Finally, mommy spotted an expensive toy. It had lots of bright colors and lots of fun pieces. The little girl knew that this was the one. Mommy paid for the toy and then they went home. The little girl couldnt wait to play with her new toy! She opened the box and found all kinds of pieces to put together and create new things. She spent hours playing with her new toy. The little girl and her mommy were both happy. The plan worked! The little girl had an expensive toy that would give her hours of fun.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved her sweater because it was pink and soft. One day, she went to the park to play with her friends. But when it was time to go home, Lily realized that she lost her sweater. She looked everywhere, but she couldnt find it. Lily was sad because she loved her sweater so much. Her mom told her not to worry and that they would return to the park the next day to look for it. The next morning, Lily and her mom went back to the park. They looked and looked, but still couldnt find the sweater. Just when they were about to leave, Lily saw something pink sticking out from under a bush. It was her sweater! She was so happy and hugged her sweater tight. Her mom said it was a clear sign that they should always return to places where they lost something, because they might find it again.Once upon a time there was a creative little girl named Jenny. She loved to play outside, and one day she decided to go on a walk. As she got outside, she stopped and paused to feel the wind blowing against her face. She noticed how the wind was blowing in all sorts of directions and it made her feel so free. Jenny walked a little further and came across a pond. She paused again to take in the peacefulness of the pond. Suddenly, an idea came to her. She was so excited that she started jumping up and down. I have an idea!, she shouted. Lets go fly a kite! With that, Jenny ran back to her house to get a kite. After a few minutes, she came back outside and she asked her mom if they could make a kite together. Of course!, her mom said. So they got to work! Jennys mom taught her to make a kite using some sticks, some string, and some colourful paper. After they finished making the kite, they went outside to give it a try. The wind was so strong, the kite flew up so high! Jenny and her mom paused and watched the kite fly up into the sky. They felt so proud of the creative kite that they had made. The End.Once upon a time, there was a gentle pony. He always liked to step around the farm and show off his shiny hooves. One day, the pony met a little girl. She was only three years old, with long blonde hair and sparkly blue eyes. The little girl stepped closer to the pony and said, Hello! What is your name? The pony was shy, but he didnt step away. The little girl smiled and gently said, My name is Sarah. Whats yours? The pony nodded and said, My name is Spot. Would you like to play? Sarah clapped her hands and said, That would be so much fun! She stroked Spots mane and together they ran around the fields. They played hide and seek, tag and more. When their playtime was over, Sarah hugged Spot goodbye and stepped away. She said, Thank you for being my friend today, Spot. I will see you soon! Spot neighed and waved goodbye as Sarah walked away.Lily and Ben were very happy. They were going to the city with Mom and Dad. They had never seen the city before. They wanted to see the big buildings, the cars, the people, and the park. Are we there yet? Lily asked. Soon, sweetie, Mom said. Look, you can see the city from here. Do you see the green park in the middle? Lily and Ben looked out the window. They saw the city. It was very big and shiny. They saw the green park. It had trees and grass and flowers. They saw a big pond with ducks and swans. Wow! Ben said. Can we go to the park, please? Of course, Dad said. Thats where were going. I have a surprise for you there. Lily and Ben wondered what the surprise was. They were very excited. They hoped it was something fun. They arrived at the park. Dad parked the car. Mom took out a basket. They walked to a nice spot under a tree. They spread a blanket on the grass. They had a picnic. They ate sandwiches, cookies, and fruit. They drank juice. They were very happy. Are you ready for your surprise? Dad asked. Yes, yes, yes! Lily and Ben said. Dad smiled. He reached into the basket. He took out two boxes. He gave one to Lily and one to Ben. Open them, he said. Lily and Ben opened the boxes. They gasped. Inside each box was a toy. Lily received a doll. Ben received a car. They were the toys they had wished for. Thank you, thank you, thank you! Lily and Ben said. They hugged Mom and Dad. Youre welcome, sweeties, Mom and Dad said. Were glad you like them. We love you very much. Lily and Ben played with their toys. They had a lot of fun. They also fed the ducks and swans. They ran and laughed. They had a wonderful day at the park. They were very happy.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in her backyard. One day, she was playing with her dolls when she accidentally dropped one in the pond. She tried to reach for it, but she couldnt swim. Lilys mom saw what happened and quickly ran to rescue her. She jumped in the pond and grabbed Lily. Are you okay? her mom asked. Lily nodded her head and pointed to her doll. My dolly, she said. Her mom saw the green cloth sticking out of the water and reached for it. She rescued the doll and gave it back to Lily. Here you go, she said. Lily hugged her mom and said, Thank you for rescuing me and my dolly. Her mom smiled and said, Of course, Ill always be here to rescue you.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a cheerful smile and loved to play with her toys. One day, Lilys mommy gave her a bottle of milk to drink. Lily drank all the milk and then she shrugged her shoulders. Later that day, Lily went to the park to play. She saw her friends and they were all playing together. Lily felt a little shy, but then she saw her friend Emma waving at her. Lily felt cheerful and ran towards her friend. At the end of the day, Lily went back home and her mommy asked her how her day was. Lily smiled and said, I had fun with my friends at the park and then I shrugged when I finished my milk. Her mommy smiled and gave her a big hug.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a pretty skirt that she loved to wear every day. One day, Lily went to the park to play with her friends. While she was playing, she accidentally got mud on her skirt. She was sad because she didnt want to ruin her pretty skirt. Her friend, Sarah, saw that Lily was sad and asked her what was wrong. Lily told Sarah about the mud on her skirt. Sarah was polite and offered to help Lily. She said, Dont worry, Ill keep your skirt clean while we play. Lily was happy and thanked Sarah for being so kind. They played together and had lots of fun. After they were done playing, Sarah gave Lily back her skirt and it was still clean! Lily was so happy and thanked Sarah again for being such a good friend.Once upon a time, there was a fat cat named Max. Max loved to eat and sleep all day. He never wanted to play or exercise. One day, Max saw a laser pointer and chased the red dot all around the room. He had so much fun that he forgot about being lazy. Maxs owner, Lily, saw how happy Max was and decided to print out some exercise routines for him. Max was hesitant at first, but Lily encouraged him to try. Max slowly started to exercise and play more, and he felt much better. Max learned that its important to take care of your body and have fun while doing it. He also learned that trying new things can be exciting and rewarding. From that day on, Max made sure to exercise every day and chase after the laser pointer whenever he got the chance.Once upon a time, in a small house, there was a little boy named Tom. Tom was a troubled boy. He did not like to play with other kids. He was always sad. One day, Tom went to the big gate near his house. He sat down and began to weep. He wished he could be happy like the other kids. A friendly dog came up to Tom. The dog licked Toms face and wagged its tail. Tom stopped weeping and smiled. The dog and Tom played together all day. From that day on, Tom was not troubled anymore. He had found a friend in the dog, and the two were always happy together.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. He had a thing that he loved very much, a toy truck. One day, Timmy decided to invite his friend Billy over to play with his toy truck. Billy was very happy to come over and play. Timmy and Billy played with the toy truck for a while, but then Billy saw a fierce dog outside. Billy was scared and wanted to go home. Timmy tried to calm him down, but Billy was too scared. Timmys mom came in and saw the dog too. She told the boys to stay inside and she called the dog catcher. The dog catcher came and caught the fierce dog, but Timmy was sad because Billy was too scared to play with him anymore. Timmy learned that sometimes inviting friends over can be scary, but he still loved his toy truck.Once upon a time there was a man who was very selfish. He never wanted to share with the other people around him. Every day he was so busy and he never took the time to relax. One day, when he was walking, he saw a beautiful patch of grass. It was so inviting. He decided to sit down and relax. He felt the ground beneath him and he felt so much better. After a while, he noticed that someone else was also enjoying the ground. He wanted to keep it all to himself. But then, he stopped and remembered how nice it had felt to relax and the grass was too nice to be selfish. So he shared it with the other person and they both enjoyed it together.Once upon a time, there was a boat. The boat wanted to go sailing. It had never gone sailing before and was very excited! So, it found some friends and they went on an adventure. The boat, with its friends, sailed far and wide. They sailed and saw lots of different places. Eventually, they stopped at a place called the Festival. It was big, bright and very happy. At the Festival, all the friends had lots of fun. There were lots of sweet treats to eat, and things to play with. They played games and laughed until the sun started to set. Before they had to go sailing home, the friends said goodbye. The boat waved goodbye to all its friends. Then, it set off and sailed away. It had a fun day and felt very happy.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to go for car rides with her mommy and daddy. One day, they went for a ride to the park. Lily was so excited to play on the swings and slide. As they were driving home, Lilys mommy noticed that she had forgotten to buckle Lilys seatbelt. She quickly pulled over and buckled Lily in. But when they started driving again, Lily started to cry. She didnt want to be buckled in! She wanted to be free to move around. Lilys mommy explained to her that it was important to wear her seatbelt to stay safe. Lily didnt understand at first, but then she saw a graceful bird flying in the sky. Her mommy told her that the bird always returns to its nest to stay safe. Lily realized that she needed to return to her seat and buckle up to stay safe too. From then on, she always wore her seatbelt and felt much happier and safer on car rides.Mina was a three year old girl who loved to explore. She was always eager to make discoveries. One day, she was given the chance to use a microscope. She felt very excited. She put her eye to the microscope and said, Wow! Mina looked into the microscope and saw lots of different things. She was very curious and tried to think of names for the things she saw. Mina was so cheerful. She just couldnt stop smiling. Minas mom asked her, How did you enjoy the microscope, Mina? Mina replied, I enjoyed it very much! I saw lots of things and had lots of fun! Mina continued to explore through the microscope for the rest of the day and her mom kept asking her how she was getting on. Mina kept replying, Im having a lot of fun!. She was so cheerful and her mom was pleased.Once upon a time, there was a good painter. He painted pictures with many colors. He had a dog named Spot who was always with him. Spot was a loyal dog who never left the painters side. One day, the painter went out to buy more paint. Spot wanted to come with him, but the painter said no. Spot was sad, but he stayed home. While the painter was gone, Spot saw a cat outside. The cat was very mean and scratched Spot. When the painter came back, he saw that Spot was hurt. He was angry at the cat for hurting his loyal dog. He decided to punish the cat by chasing it away. Spot was happy that the painter protected him. From then on, Spot never left the painters side again.Tom and Lily are playing in the park. They like to pretend they are brave hunters. They have sticks that they call spears. They look for animals to hunt. They see a big dog. It is brown and furry. It has a long tail. It is running and barking. Tom and Lily think it is a lion. They want to hunt it. They rush after the dog. They hold their spears high. They shout and laugh. They think they are very clever. But the dog is not a lion. It is a friendly dog. It belongs to a man. The man is walking in the park. He sees Tom and Lily. He is not happy. He calls the dog. The dog stops running. It goes to the man. The man scolds Tom and Lily. He says they are nosy and rude. He says they should not chase his dog. He says they could hurt the dog or themselves. Tom and Lily feel sorry. They did not mean to be nosy and rude. They did not know the dog was not a lion. They say sorry to the man and the dog. They put down their spears. They go back to their mom. They learn to be more careful.Once, there was a rabbit named Jack. One day, Jack saw a bandage lying on the ground. He wanted to study it, so he picked it up. Jack could tell that the bandage was very flexible. He pulled and stretched it in different directions. Then, he decided to wrap it around his foot. The bandage was so flexible, Jack was able to tie it tight. Jack liked the bandage so much, he decided to wear it all day. He was able to hop in different directions and the bandage stayed tight. He even felt like he could jump higher with the bandage on. Jack was very happy with his new bandage. He showed it off to all his friends. Everyone agreed that the bandage was very flexible and it helped Jack to jump higher and faster. Jack still studies the bandage whenever he can. He likes to stretch it and play with it. He even uses it to help him jump higher. it is Jacks favorite bandage!Sara and Ben were playing in the park. They saw a big slide and ran to it. Sara went first. She climbed up the steps and slid down. Whee! She laughed. Ben wanted to slide too. But he was too small. He could not reach the steps. He tried to jump, but he fell. Ouch! He cried. Sara heard him and ran to him. She hugged him and said, Are you OK, Ben? Ben nodded, but he was sad. He wanted to slide like Sara. Sara had an idea. She saw a tunnel near the slide. It was dark inside, but not scary. She said, Ben, look! A tunnel! Lets go inside. Maybe we can find something fun. Ben looked at the tunnel. He was curious, but also a little afraid. He said, Is it safe, Sara? Sara smiled and said, Yes, it is. I will go first. You can follow me. Hold my hand. We will be OK. Ben agreed. He held Saras hand and followed her into the tunnel. It was dark, but he could see Saras hair. He could feel her touch. He felt brave. They crawled through the tunnel. They saw some holes in the walls. They peeked through them and saw the park. They saw some birds and flowers and people. They said, Wow! They reached the end of the tunnel. They saw a small opening. Sara said, Ben, look! We can go out here. But we have to squeeze. It is very small. Ben looked at the opening. He was not sure. He said, Will we fit, Sara? Sara said, Yes, we will. I will go first. You can follow me. Push hard. We can do it. Ben nodded. He watched Sara squeeze through the opening. She made it. She smiled and said, Come on, Ben. You can do it too. Ben pushed hard. He squeezed through the opening. He made it too. He smiled and said, We did it, Sara. We did it! Sara and Ben hugged each other. They were happy. They had fun in the tunnel. They learned something new. They said, Yay!Once upon a time, there was an enormous castle that belonged to a very mean king. One day, the king told his people that they must gather a very long string. Everyone in the kingdom was sad. The people of the kingdom started to weep. None of them wanted to take the string to the mean king. So, instead, they all came together and held their hands and made a very long string with their hands. The kingdom was very happy again! The kind people had made a string bigger than the one the mean king had asked for. The people laughed and hugged each other. The mean king was so angry when he saw the string. He started to shout and stomp his feet. But the kind people did not care. They were happy that they had all worked together to make something special. The people all cheered and the mean king was very jealous. He ran away from the kingdom never to be seen again. Everyone was happy and they all lived happily ever after.Tommy was a very intelligent little boy. He loved to play video games with his friends. One day his friends were too busy, so Tommy had to play by himself. He was eager to beat the level he was on and he tried his best. But he just couldnt do it! Suddenly, his mom came in and told him it was time to rest. He knew she was right, but he was so determined to beat the level. He started to argue with his mom, but she wasnt budging. No matter how hard he tried he couldnt keep playing. So finally, Tommy had to turn off the video game and rest. He was disappointed, but his mom was pleased. She knew that even intelligent boys like Tommy needed a break sometimes.Once upon a time, in a big jungle, there was a lion who loved to roar. One day, he found a big rock. The lion wanted to show everyone how strong he was. So, he tried to lift the rock with his mouth. The rock was very heavy, but the lion did not give up. He tried and tried, but the weight of the rock made him feel dizzy. The lions friend, the monkey, saw him trying to lift the rock. The monkey knew that the lion was very strong, but he also knew that the rock was too heavy. The monkey had an idea. He told the lion to stand on the rock and roar as loud as he could. The lion did what the monkey said. He stood on the rock and roared very loud. All the animals in the jungle heard the lions big roar. They came to see what was happening. When they saw the lion standing on the rock, they knew he was very strong. The lion was happy because he could show everyone how strong he was without lifting the heavy rock. He thanked the monkey for his smart idea. From that day on, the lion and the monkey were best friends. And every time the lion roared, all the animals knew he was the strongest in the jungle.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One night, Lily was afraid of the dark. She cried for her mommy to come and comfort her. Mommy, Im scared, said Lily. Can you stay with me? Mommy hugged Lily and said, Dont worry, sweetie. I have a surprise for you. Mommy gave Lily a small box and said, Open it and see what you receive. Lily opened the box and inside was a small flashlight. Wow, thank you mommy! said Lily. This is amazing! Now I can see in the dark. Mommy smiled and said, Yes, and now you can also read your favorite bedtime story without being afraid of the dark. Remember, a word is like a magic spell that can take you to different places in your imagination. Lily hugged her mommy and felt happy. She turned on her flashlight and read her favorite story. She felt safe and loved, and she fell asleep with a smile on her face.Once upon a time there was a brave little girl named Lucy. She was always filled with curiosity and explored the world around her. One day, she decided to get out of her house and explore the nearby park. She took a few steps until she came to an exit. She trembled as she thought of her parents and how they would react. What if they dont find me? she thought. However, her courage overtook her fear and she stepped out to explore the new world ahead of her. She looked around and saw a park filled with things she had never seen before. She was about to take her first step when she heard her parents voices behind her. She was embarrassed to have been caught but also excited to show them all the new things she had discovered. They laughed, and Lucy smiled. Little did she know what would happen the next time she decided to explore.Tom was a painter. He liked to make pictures with colors. He had many brushes and paints. He had a big paper on the wall. He wanted to make a nice picture for his mom. But Sam was a bad boy. He did not like Tom. He wanted to make Tom sad. He took a brush and some paint. He ran to Toms paper. He made a big mess on it. He laughed and said, Your picture is ugly! Tom was very sad. He saw his paper. It was ruined. He felt hurt. He wanted to cry. He wanted to hit Sam. But he knew that was wrong. He tried to resist. He said, Go away, Sam. You are mean. You are not my friend. But Sam did not go away. He wanted to make more mess. He took another brush and more paint. He threw them at Tom. They hit Toms face and clothes. They made him dirty and wet. Sam laughed more and said, You are ugly, too! Tom was very angry. He could not resist anymore. He forgot what was right. He grabbed a brush and some paint. He ran to Sam. He hit Sam with the brush. He painted Sams face and hair. He said, You are mean, Sam. You are not my friend. You are a bad boy! Sam was very scared. He felt hurt. He wanted to cry. He wanted to run away. But he could not. Tom was stronger. Tom was madder. Tom kept hitting and painting him. He said, This is what you get, Sam. This is what you deserve. No one saw them. No one heard them. No one helped them. They kept fighting and hurting each other. They made a big mess of themselves and the room. They ruined their paints and brushes. They ruined their friendship. They were not happy. They were not nice. They were not painters. They were just bad boys.One day, Bill went to the grocery store with his mom. He was excited because grocery stores were such a fun place filled with lots of tasty treats. When Bill and his mom arrived, it was dark inside the grocery store. But Bill didnt let that stop him from having a good time. He kept running around the store and checking out all the cool things! Suddenly, Bill heard someone shouting. He tried to remember where he was, but he couldnt. He looked around and saw that it was very dark in the store. He must have wandered away from his mom! With a scared feeling in his chest, Bill yelled for help. Eventually, his mom found him and scolded him for wandering off. She reminded him that he should always remember to stay with her when they are in places like the grocery store. Bill nodded his head and promised he would stay close to his mom next time. But this time, the dark grocery store had taught him an important lesson to always remember to stay close to his mom.Mama and little Jack were getting ready for the day. Mama said to Jack, âœWe need to prepare something yummy for breakfast.â Jack was so excited! He asked, âœWhat are we going to make?â Mama smiled and said, âœWe are going to make pancakes!â Jack watched as Mama got out the ingredients. She put some flour in a bowl, added some eggs and milk, then stirred them all together to make a smooth batter. Jack said, âœIt looks weird!â Mama laughed and said, âœYes, but it will taste delicious when itâs cooked. Now letâs prepare the griddle.â Mama put butter on the griddle and heated it up. Then she poured some of the batter onto the griddle to make the pancakes. Jack watched them cook on one side, and then Mama turned them over with a spatula. After a few minutes, the pancakes were ready. Mama put them on Jackâs plate and said, âœDonât forget to drain the syrup first!â Jack smiled and said, âœOK, Mama!â He poured the syrup over his pancakes and then tucked in. The pancakes were warm and fluffy, and tasted delicious. Jack smiled and said, âœThanks, Mama! That was yMum came into the living room with a pot of soil. She asked her son if he wanted to help add some plants to the pot. The 3yearold boy said he would love to help, so they started adding plants together. Mum showed her son how to carefully place the plant in the pot and then cover it with soil. After they had added all the plants, they both stepped back to admire their work. âœYum!â said the boy. âœWhat do you mean?â Mum asked. âœThese plants look tasty!â he replied. Mum laughed and said, âœNo, plants are not for eating, but when they grow, we will pick some fruits from them.â The little boy nodded, understanding that plants give us tasty treats. He was very excited to watch them grow and pick his own tasty treats!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily who loved to cook with her mom. One day, they were making spaghetti for dinner and her mom asked her to sprinkle some pepper on the sauce. Lily accidentally spilled the whole jar of pepper and sneezed so much that she had to run away from the kitchen. Later that day, Lily and her mom went to the park to play. They saw a big, reliable dog named Max who was playing with his owner. Lily wanted to pet Max, but her mom warned her to be careful because sometimes dogs can escape from their owners and become dangerous. Suddenly, Maxs owner dropped his leash and he ran away. Lilys mom quickly grabbed her hand and they ran to the car. They were safe, but Lily realized that sometimes things can escape from our control and its important to be prepared.Once upon a time, there was an independent hedge. It was tall and proud, and it blocked the way. But the hedge was tired of being there. It wanted to be free. So one day it asked a helpful bird to help release it from the ground. The bird flew over to the hedge and sang a sweet song. The hedge was filled with joy as it felt the earth beneath it start to move. Slowly but surely it was released from the ground. The hedge was so happy. It ran off, free at last. It thanked the bird for helping it find its independence. And from that day forth, the hedge was always free.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved playing in the park and making new friends. One day, she met a new friend named Timmy. Timmy was very nice and always shared his toys with Lily. They played together every day and had lots of fun. One day, Timmy brought some candy to share with Lily. But Lily knew she wasnt supposed to take candy from strangers. She told Timmy she couldnt take the candy because her mommy told her not to trust strangers. Timmy was sad, but he understood and they continued to play. Later that day, Lilys mommy told her a story about a princess who was given a poison apple by a stranger. The princess didnt know the apple was poisoned and she ate it. She got very sick and almost died. Lilys mommy told her that its always important to be careful and not take things from strangers, even if it seems easy. Lily learned an important lesson that day. She knew she could always trust her mommy to keep her safe. And she knew to be careful and not take things from strangers.Sara and Ben are twins who like to play in their room. They have many toys, books and games, but they do not like to put them away. Their room is always messy and their mom is always angry. One day, their mom gave them a radio as a gift. She said, This is a special radio. It can play songs and stories for you. But you have to keep it clean and safe. Do not leave it on the floor or near water. And do not turn it too loud or too soft. Can you do that? Sara and Ben nodded and said, Yes, mom. Thank you for the radio. We will take good care of it. They were very happy and excited. They took the radio to their room and turned it on. They heard a nice song and started to dance and sing. But soon, they got bored of the song and wanted to hear a story. They turned the knob on the radio, but they could not find a story. They only heard noises and voices that they did not understand. They turned the knob more and more, but they still could not find a story. They got frustrated and angry. They started to argue and blame each other. Why did you turn it so loud? Now it is broken! Sara said. No, you turned it too soft! Now it is lost! Ben said. They pushed and pulled the radio, but it did not work. They heard a loud crack and saw sparks and smoke. The radio was broken. They were scared and sad. They cried and hugged each other. Their mom heard the noise and came to their room. She saw the broken radio and the messy room. She was very disappointed and sad. She said, What happened here? I gave you a nice radio, but you did not take care of it. You did not listen to me or to the radio. You did not respect your gift or each other. You made a big mistake. Sara and Ben felt sorry and ashamed. They said, We are sorry, mom. We were not careful. We did not follow your rules. We did not cooperate. We made a big mistake. Can you fix the radio? Their mom shook her head and said, No, I cannot fix the radio. It is too damaged. You have to learn from your mistake. You have to be more organized and responsible. You have to listen and follow instructions. You have to share and be kind. You have to guess what the radio would say if it could talk. What do you think it would say? Sara and Ben thought hard and said, We think the radio would say, Please keep me clean and safe. Please do not leave me on the floor or near water. Please do not turn me too loud or too soft. Please enjoy my songs and stories. Please be happy and friendly. Their mom smiled and said, That is a good guess. I think the radio would say that too. And I think you would be happier and friendlier if you did that too. Do you want to try? Sara and Ben nodded and said, Yes, mom. We want to try. We want to be more organized and responsible. We want to listen and follow instructions. We want to share and be kind. We want to enjoy our toys, books and games. We want to be happy and friendly. Their mom hugged them and said, That is good. I am proud of you. I love you. Maybe one day, I will get you another radio. But for now, you have to clean up your room and say sorry to each other. Can you do that? Sara and Ben nodded and said, Yes, mom. We can do that. We love you too. They started to clean up their room and say sorry to each other. They felt better and learned a lesson. They guessed what the radio would say and they said it too.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play outside and explore the world around him. One day, he found a lost puppy in the woods. He knew he had to help the puppy find its way home. Timmy asked his human parents for help, but they were too busy to lend a hand. So, Timmy decided to use his useful map to lead the puppy back to its home. It was a long journey, but Timmy never gave up. Finally, they arrived at the puppys home and the owner was very happy to see his lost pet. Timmy felt proud of himself for helping the puppy and learned that even though he was small, he could still make a big difference in the world by being kind and helpful.Once upon a time, there were two friends Harry and Lola. One day, Lola was playing with a tube in the park. As she was running around, she suddenly slipped and fell! She was so scared. Harry saw Lola falling and ran over to her. He was so concerned and asked her if she was ok. Lola burst into tears and said she was really scared. Harry thought of something to make Lola feel better. He took out the tube and said, Lola, do you remember when we used to play with this tube in the park? Shall we do it again to remind you its all ok? Lola stopped crying and smiled. She was so glad that Harry could make her feel better. And soon enough, they were playing with the tube again. They had lots of fun! The friends were happy to be together, and from that day on, they always remind each other that everything is ok.Once upon a time, in a land full of colors, there was a silly bird named Bobo. Bobo loved to fly high in the sky and play with his friends. He liked to count the number of times he could fly around the big tree. One sunny day, Bobo met a new friend named Lulu. Lulu was a little butterfly who also loved to fly. Hi, Im Bobo. Do you want to play with me? Bobo asked. Lulu said, Yes, Id love to play with you, Bobo! Together, Bobo and Lulu played a fun game. They would fly up and down, and count the number of times they could fly around the big tree. They laughed and had a great time. At the end of the day, they were both very happy to have made a new friend.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to eat cookies, especially the ones her mom made. One day, Lilys mom told her they were going to the store to buy some special ingredients to make the most delicious cookies ever. Lily was excited to go to the store, but she looked up at the sky and saw the moon. It was big and bright, and Lily wished she could have a bite of it. Her mom smiled and said, Maybe one day we can buy you a moonshaped cookie. At the store, Lily helped her mom find all the ingredients they needed. She saw some moonshaped cookies on the shelf, but they didnt look very delicious. Her mom said, Dont worry, well make our own and theyll be even better. When they got home, Lily and her mom started baking. They mixed the ingredients and put them in the oven. As they waited, Lily looked up at the moon again. She smiled and thought about how much she loved her moms cookies. When the cookies were done, they were the most delicious cookies Lily had ever tasted. She ate them all up and went to bed with a happy tummy.Once there was a little girl named Susie. She was playing with her toys in the garden. Susie had a special box with a map inside. The map was very colourful and had lots of interesting shapes. One day Susies mother saw her playing and said, Susie, why dont you finish the map? Susie looked at the map and said, Its too heavy, I cant do it! Susies mother smiled and said, No big job is too hard, but only if you work together. If you work together, you can finish anything. So Susie asked a few friends to help, and they worked together to finish the map. They had a lot of fun. They laughed, sang and worked until the map was completed. The moral of this story is that working together makes hard things easier. We can all work together to achieve great things!Once upon a time there was a little girl. Her name was Nan. She was 3 years old. One day, she fell down and got a very big scrape on her knee. She started to cry. Her mom came to help her. She took a bandage from the cupboard and began to wrap it around Nans knee. As she tied the bandage, she smiled at Nan and said I care about you. Nans knees stopped hurting. She felt a lot better! She thanked her mom and hugged her. After that, Nan was a bit more careful. She was always looking where she was going, so she wouldnt get any more scrapes. Whenever she scraped her knees again, Nan knew that her mom would be there to help, with an empty bandage and lots of love.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to eat blueberries. One day, she went to the park and found a big bush of blueberries. She picked some and ate them all. They were so yummy! After playing for a while, Lily felt tired. She said to her mom, I want to nap now. Her mom said, Okay, lets find a nice spot for you to rest. They found a thick blanket under a tree and Lily laid down. As she closed her eyes, she dreamed of all the blueberries she had eaten. She felt happy and content. When she woke up, she said to her mom, I had a good nap. Can we go find more blueberries now? Her mom smiled and said, Sure, lets go!Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim was a very patient boy. He liked to play outside with his toys. One day, he found an axe in the yard. It was not a real axe, but a toy axe. Tim was very excited to play with it. Tim took his toy axe and went to the woods. He pretended to chop down the trees, just like his dad. Tim was so excited, he laughed and jumped up and down. He played all day long with his toy axe, having so much fun. When it was time to go home, Tim took his toy axe with him. He showed it to his mom and dad. They were happy to see Tim so excited. They all sat down for dinner and Tim told them about his day. They all smiled and laughed together.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. He liked to play with his toys and pretend he was a superhero. One day, Timmys mom gave him a camera to play with. Timmy loved taking pictures of his toys and his family. One day, Timmys dad took him to a sports game. Timmy saw the players act like they were fighting for a ball. They were very competitive! Timmy thought it was funny and took pictures of the players. When they got home, Timmy showed his mom the pictures he took with the camera. She was very proud of him. Timmy felt happy that he could act like a real photographer.Jen and Sam are friends. They like to play together. They have a big mat. They use the mat for yoga. Yoga is fun. They make shapes with their bodies. They breathe and smile. One day, Jen and Sam have a problem. They both want the mat. Jen says, The mat is mine. I had it first. Sam says, No, the mat is mine. I want it now. They pull the mat. They yell. They fight. Mom hears them. She is not happy. She comes to see them. She says, Stop fighting. Fighting is bad. You have to share. Sharing is good. Why dont you do yoga together? Yoga is good for you. It makes you calm and strong. Jen and Sam listen to Mom. They feel sorry. They say, Sorry, Mom. Sorry, friend. They hug. They stop fighting. They share the mat. They do yoga together. They breathe and smile. They are happy. Mom is happy too. She says, Good job, Jen and Sam. You are good friends. I love you.Once upon a time, there was a girl called Anna. She was very compassionate and liked to rock in her chair. One day Anna found in her mailbox an invitation. She was so excited! It was an invitation to the birthday of her best friend. Anna accepted the invitation and was excited to go to the party. When she arrived, her friend gave her a big hug and thanked her for coming. At the party, they ate cake, drank juice and played games. The two girls had such a great time together. At the end of the night, Anna hugged her friend goodbye. She was filled with joy and felt cared for by her friendâs compassionate nature. Anna rocked in her chair all the way home, happy that she had accepted the invitation.One night, Jack hopped out of bed and looked out of his window. He saw a twinkling star and he wanted to reach it. So he made plans and got his friends together, they all decided to find a way to reach the star. Jack and his friends hoped around the garden looking for a way to get high enough to reach the star. They hopped and jumped, but none of their efforts worked. Just then, they heard Jackâs mom telling them to come in. She said, âœWhat are you crazy kids doing out at this time of night?â Jack told her that they wanted to reach the star. His mom said with a smile, âœThe best way to reach your dreams is to take small steps at a time. Working hard and trying your best can make all your dreams come true.â Jack and his friends understood what his mom was teaching them and thanked her. They went back to bed with happy hearts and cuddled up in their soft blankets which were starpatterned. Jack fell asleep and dreamt of a star.Sam and Ben are friends. They like to play with toys. One day, they find an old box in the garage. The box has many screws and tools inside. Look, screws! Sam says. He picks up a screw and shows it to Ben. Wow, cool! Ben says. He wants a screw too. He looks in the box and finds another screw. Can I have this one? Ben asks Sam. Sure, you can have it, Sam says. He is a good friend. He offers Ben the screw. Thank you, Sam, Ben says. He is happy. He takes the screw from Sam. They both have screws now. They pretend to fix things with their screws and tools. They have fun with the old box. They are good friends.Ben and Lily were playing in the living room. They saw a big armchair that was furry and soft. They wanted to sit on it and read a book. Lets go to the armchair, Lily, Ben said. It looks cozy and warm. Okay, Ben, Lily said. But how do we get up there? It is too high for us. Ben had an idea. He saw a stool near the armchair. He pushed it with his feet until it was close to the armchair. Then he climbed on the stool and reached for the armchair. Look, Lily, I can fit on the armchair, Ben said. Come and join me. Lily followed Ben. She climbed on the stool and then on the armchair. She sat next to Ben and hugged him. We did it, Ben, Lily said. We fit on the armchair. It is so furry and soft. I like it here. Ben smiled and picked up a book. He opened it and showed it to Lily. Lets read this book, Lily, Ben said. It is about a cat and a mouse. They are friends and have fun together. Lily nodded and looked at the book. She liked the pictures and the words. She and Ben read the book and laughed at the cat and the mouse. They felt happy and snug on the armchair. They did not want to leave.Once there was a little girl named April who loved to admire her surroundings. She loved to watch the clouds drift through the sky and listen to the thunder roll in the distance. One day, April was enjoying the view from her bedroom window when she heard a loud thunder sound. She was a bit scared and ran down the stairs to her mom. Mommy, why is thunder so loud? April asked her mom. Her mom smiled and said, Thunder is natures way of making a strong, powerful sound. Its like a declaration of strength and admiration for the world around us. April nodded in understanding and then asked, But why is it so weak sometimes? Her mom explained, Thunder can be weak or there can be barely any at all. Thats because the strength of thunder depends on the strength of the wind. April felt comforted by her moms explanation. She was no longer afraid of thunder, and she admired its forces of strength and power from her bedroom window.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily who loved to explore. One day, she went for a walk in the forest and found a path that she had never seen before. She followed the path and soon came across a grumpy old man. Hello, sir, said Lily. Can you teach me about this path? The grumpy old man replied, I dont have time to teach you anything. This path is mine and you shouldnt be here. Lily was sad and didnt know what to do. She wanted to explore, but the grumpy old man wouldnt let her. Suddenly, she had an idea. Sir, if you show me the way, I promise to be careful and not disturb anything, said Lily. The grumpy old man thought for a moment and then agreed to show her the way. As they walked, he taught her about the different plants and animals that lived in the forest. By the end of their journey, the grumpy old man wasnt so grumpy anymore and Lily had learned so much about the path she had discovered.Once upon a time there was a great little girl named Janey. One night, Janey was very excited because it was foggy outside. She looked out the window in awe of the fog and said to her mom, Mom, can I go outside? I want to give the fog a hug! Her mom smiled and said, No Janey, its too foggy. How about I give you a big hug instead? Janey smiled and said, Yes, thats great! So Janey and her mom hugged each other tightly and shared the LOVE! 3Once upon a time there was a stable. Inside the stable was a big and impressive horse. The horse had a very nice mane, and was very strong. He ignored the other animals and kept to himself. One day, a little girl visited the stable. She was very brave, and she wanted to pet the impressive horse. She slowly walked over to him and talked in a gentle and friendly voice. But the horse ignored her! No matter what she said, the horse would look away and not answer. The little girl didnt give up though. She kept trying to get the strong horses attention. Finally, after a lot of patience, the horse looked right at the girl and made a sound. The little girl was so happy! She smiled and petted him softly. The horse was very happy too. From then on, the horse and the little girl were friends. The horse always looked forward to the little girl visiting his stable. He never ignored her again.Once upon a time, there was a boy called Jack. He went on a boat trip to visit a huge island. He saw lots of animals on the way. He snapped pictures to remember the trip. Jack arrived on the island and saw how huge it was. He said, Wow, this island is so huge and beautiful! Then he realised he was lost. He thought and thought. Suddenly, he heard a loud snap. He turned around and saw a giant elephant. Jack said, Hello there! Can you help me get back to my boat? The elephant smiled and kindly answered, Yes! Just follow me and I will show you the way back to your boat. So Jack followed the giant elephant. The elephant showed him the way and soon he was back on his boat. Jack thanked the elephant and waved goodbye before they both sailed away.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy liked to play with his toy pistol. He would pretend to be a cowboy and shoot bad guys. One day, Timmys friend Johnny came over to play. Johnny wanted to play with Timmys pistol, but Timmy didnt want to share. They started to argue. I want to play with the pistol, Johnny said. No, its mine, Timmy answered. Johnny got angry and started to cry. Timmy felt bad and realized he should share his toys with his friend. Okay, you can play with the pistol, Timmy said. But you have to be careful and not break it. Johnny was happy and they played together, having a perfect time.Once upon a time, there was a big dog named Spot. Spot loved to run in the grass. One day, Spot saw a little girl named Sue. Sue was sad. Spot asked, Why are you sad, Sue? Sue said, I lost my ball in the tall grass. I cant find it. Spot wanted to help Sue. He was a generous dog. Spot ran and ran in the grass. He looked for Sues ball. Soon, he found it! Sue was so happy. She said, Thank you, Spot! You are a good friend. Spot and Sue played together all day.Once upon a time, a white rabbit hopped into the forest. He wanted to go for a swim and the blue lake was sparkly and inviting. When he got to the edge, he hopped up and looked down. He was scared! He had never been in the water before. But then he spotted a stick floating in the lake and he said to himself,I will hold on to this stick and swim! So, he took a breath and jumped in. The water felt splashy and cool against his fur as he kicked and paddled with the stick. Pretty soon, he was swimming all around the lake. The sun was bright and warm and the feeling of being in the water was so much fun! Then, a little duck came up behind him and said, Hi! Do you want to play with me? The rabbit said, Sure! Id love to! So, the two of them swam all around the lake, playing and splashing until the sun went down. The white rabbit and the duck became best friends and every day they would go for a swim together in the blue lake. The End.One day, there were two brothers who were both very eager to explore. The younger brother was very excited to go but the older brother was a bit jealous. He asked their mum, Can I go too? Mum said,No, you cant come with us. You have to stay and look after the house, but I will pass you something special. The older brother was very suspicious but also a bit jealous. He asked his mum what was going to happen and she said, Im going to pass you a key. It will help you explore the town while we are away. The younger brother was very excited. He ran around the house and said, Im ready to explore the town!. The older brother was a bit jealous, but he took the key from his mum and said, Im going to explore too! And so both brothers headed off to explore their town, having a great time and discovering all sorts of fun things!Tom and Sue are brother and sister. They like to play with their toys in the living room. But they do not like to share. Sometimes they quarrel over who gets to play with what. One day, they both want to play with the radio. The radio can make music and sounds. Tom grabs the radio and turns it on. He likes to hear the fast songs. He dances and jumps around. Sue does not like the fast songs. She likes to hear the slow songs. She tries to take the radio from Tom. She says, Give me the radio! I want to hear the slow songs! Tom says, No! It is my turn! I want to hear the fast songs! They pull and tug on the radio. They yell and cry. They do not listen to each other. Mom hears the noise. She comes to the living room. She sees Tom and Sue quarreling over the radio. She is not happy. She says, Stop it! You are making too much noise! You need to share the radio and take turns. Or I will take it away. Tom and Sue stop quarreling. They do not want to lose the radio. They say, Sorry, Mom. We will share and take turns. Mom smiles. She says, That is good. Now, you can enjoy the music and play nicely. Tom and Sue hug Mom. They hug each other. They agree to play with the radio together. They listen to the fast songs and the slow songs. They dance and sing along. They have fun.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys, especially her plastic dolls. One day, Lily went to the park with her mommy. They sat down on a bench to rest and watch the other children play. Lily saw a boy playing with an interesting toy. She wanted to play with it too. So, she went up to the boy and asked, Can I play with your toy please? The boy smiled and said, Sure, you can play with it with me! Lily was happy and they played together for a while. When it was time to go home, Lily said goodbye to the boy and thanked him for letting her play with his interesting toy. She went home with her mommy, feeling happy and rested.Once upon a time, there was a slow crocodile who liked to paint. Every day, the crocodile would try out different colors and paint pictures. She would paint pictures of the trees, the clouds, and the animals. One day, the crocodile decided to paint a big picture of herself. She was very excited and she used a lot of colors to make the best picture possible. After she finished her painting, the crocodile decided to show it to her friends. The other animals were very impressed with her painting. They all said how beautiful it was and they praised her for being so creative. The crocodile felt really proud of her work and she thanked all of her friends for their kind words. From that day forward, the crocodile became known for her paintings. She always liked to take her time and paint the best pictures she possibly could. Everyone was happy that there was a crocodile who could paint so beautifully in their neighborhood. The End.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys and watch her favorite TV show. One day, Lilys mom bought her a fragile watch. Lily was very happy and said, I own a watch now! Her little brother, Max, came into the room and asked, Can I see your watch, Lily? Lily replied, Sure, but be careful, its fragile. Max looked at the watch and said, Wow, its so pretty! Later that day, Lilys friend came over to play. They were having so much fun, but then Lilys friend accidentally knocked over the watch. Lily was upset and said, My watch is broken now. Her friend apologized and said, Im sorry, Lily. I didnt mean to break it. Lily forgave her friend and said, Its okay, accidents happen. Lets play with our toys instead.Tim and Tom were brothers who liked to play with their toys. They had many toys, but their favorite ones were their spears. They made the spears from sticks and stones, and they pretended to be hunters and warriors. One day, they decided to have a contest to see who could throw their spear the farthest. They went to the big field behind their house, and marked a line with a rock. They took turns to throw their spears, and measured how far they went with their steps. Tim threw his spear first, and it flew very far. He counted 20 steps from the line to his spear. He was happy and proud. He said, Look, Tom, I threw my spear 20 steps! Can you do better? Tom was competitive, and he wanted to win. He picked up his spear, and threw it with all his might. His spear flew even farther than Tims. He counted 25 steps from the line to his spear. He was happy and proud. He said, Look, Tim, I threw my spear 25 steps! I won! Tim was sad, and he felt like crying. He did not like to lose. He said, No fair, Tom, your spear is bigger and heavier than mine. Thats why you threw it farther. Tom felt sorry for his brother, and he did not want to make him cry. He said, Dont be sad, Tim, your spear is very good too. I admire how you made it from a stick and a stone. It is very sharp and strong. You are a good hunter and warrior. Tim smiled, and he felt better. He said, Thank you, Tom, you are very kind. I admire how you threw your spear so far. You are a good hunter and warrior too. They hugged each other, and they decided to share their spears. They played together, and they had fun. They were brothers, and they loved each other.Once upon a time, there was a little brown dog named Spot. Spot loved to play and run in the park. One day, Spot had an idea. He wanted to watch the big red ball in the sky go down. Spot ran to the park and waited for the big red ball to go down. He saw his friend, a little yellow bird named Tweet. Tweet liked Spots idea and wanted to watch the big red ball go down too. So, they sat on a green hill and waited. As they watched, the big red ball started to go down. The sky turned pretty colors like pink, orange, and purple. Spot and Tweet were very happy they saw it together. From that day on, they always met at the park to watch the big red ball go down.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She lived with her parent in a big house. One day, Lily found a fake bird in the garden. She thought it was real, but her parent told her it was just a toy. Lily wanted to play with the fake bird, so she took it inside the house. She tried to make it whistle like a real bird, but it wouldnt make any sound. Her parent then showed her how to whistle, and they both whistled together. Lily was so happy that she could whistle like her parent. She played with the fake bird for a while, but then she realized that it wasnt as fun as playing with real birds outside. So, she went back to the garden to look for some real birds to whistle with.One day, a little boy named Tim went for a walk in the park. He saw a fast rabbit run by. Tim wanted to catch the rabbit, but it was too fast for him. He tried to run, but he could not catch it. Tim felt sad and gave a little shrug. As he walked deeper into the park, Tim saw a pretty mist near the pond. The mist was like a soft, wet cloud on the ground. Tim walked into the mist and felt it on his face. It made him feel happy and cool. In the mist, Tim met a kind frog. The frog asked Tim why he was sad. Tim told the frog about the fast rabbit. The frog said, Dont be sad, Tim. You cant catch everything, and thats okay. Tim smiled and felt better. He played with the frog in the mist, and they became good friends.John had a special slide. His parents had given it to him on his birthday and he was very excited to play with it. He loved how it was so flexible. John put the slide in his backyard in the sunshine. He grabbed his bucket and spade and started to dig in the sand. He wanted to make a special place for his slide. He dug and dug until he made a lovely sandbox. He put the slide inside the sandbox, and then he went back to playing with his bucket and spade. Suddenly he saw something in the sand. He pulled it out and saw it was a toy mine! It was small and flexible, so he could easily slide it around. John decided to slide the mine up and down the slide. He slid it back and forth, faster and faster. Soon, the mine was zooming so fast, it flew right off the slide! John was laughing and having so much fun!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to paint and draw. One day, she went to her school and saw a big blackboard. It was so big that she couldnt see the top of it. She asked her teacher, Can I paint on the blackboard? The teacher said, Of course, Lily! You can use this pink chalk to draw whatever you want. Lily was so happy and started to draw a big pink flower on the blackboard. Her friends saw her drawing and said, Wow, Lily! Your flower is so pretty! Lily smiled and said, Thank you! I love to paint and draw. Maybe one day, I can be an artist!Lily was a little girl who liked to sing. She had a case with many songs inside. She sang every day and wanted to improve her voice. She dreamed of being a powerful singer who could make people happy. One day, she met a boy named Ben who also liked to sing. He had a case with many instruments inside. He played every day and wanted to improve his skills. He dreamed of being a powerful musician who could make people dance. Hello, I am Lily. I like your case. What do you have inside? Lily asked Ben. Hello, I am Ben. I like your case too. What do you sing? Ben asked Lily. I sing many songs. I like songs that are happy and fun. Do you want to hear one? Lily said. Yes, I do. I play many instruments. I like instruments that are loud and cool. Do you want to see one? Ben said. They opened their cases and showed each other their songs and instruments. They decided to try to sing and play together. They had a lot of fun and learned from each other. They improved their voice and skills. They became powerful friends who could make music.Once upon a time there was a silly little girl who was always making funny faces. She would make faces when she was eating her breakfast, when she was playing with her toys, and even when she was asleep. She was known for her funny frowns and everyone around her found it so amusing. One day, when the girl was about to take her afternoon nap, an alarm suddenly went off. It was a rare kind of alarm that none of us had heard before. We all stood still, unsure of what to do. But then the silly little girl put on her best frown and shouted âœI know what to do!â She hopped out of bed and headed straight towards the alarm. She grabbed it with both hands and shook it until it stopped making noise. Everyone cheered at her brave act, and even the alarm seemed to smile. The little girl was proud of her accomplishment and she had a huge smile on her face. From that day forward, no one ever had to worry about the rare alarm again. The End.Anna and Ben are twins. They like to play together and share toys. But they also like to do things by themselves sometimes. One day, Anna wants to go to the bathroom. She tells Ben to wait for her in the living room. But Ben is nosy. He wants to know what Anna is doing in the bathroom. He thinks she is hiding something from him. He follows her quietly and opens the door. He sees Anna sitting on the toilet. He says, What are you doing, Anna? Anna is angry. She says, Go away, Ben! This is my bathroom time. You are not supposed to see me here. You are rude and nosy! She tries to close the door, but Ben pushes it back. He says, No, I want to see. I want to discuss with you. Why are you sitting there? What is that paper for? Anna and Ben start to fight. They pull and push each other. They yell and cry. They make a lot of noise. They do not hear their mom coming upstairs. She hears them and runs to the bathroom. She sees them fighting and making a mess. She is very angry and sad. She says, Stop it, Anna and Ben! You are both in big trouble. You are not supposed to fight in the bathroom. You are not supposed to be nosy and rude. You are supposed to respect each other and wait for your turn. You have to say sorry to each other and to me. And you have to clean up this mess. Now! Anna and Ben feel bad. They say sorry to each other and to their mom. They help to clean up the bathroom. They learn their lesson. They do not fight or be nosy in the bathroom again. But they still have to go to bed early as a punishment. They do not like their bad ending. They wish they had played nicely and waited for their turn.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to tell jokes to her friends. One day, Lily told her friend Timmy a joke. Why did the banana go to the doctor? she asked. Timmy didnt know the answer, so Lily said, Because it wasnt peeling well! Timmy laughed and nodded his head. Later that day, Lilys mom took her to the park. They saw a man in a suit walking by. He looks rich, Lilys mom said. Lily didnt know what that meant, so she asked her mom. It means he has a lot of money, her mom explained. As they were leaving the park, Lily saw Timmy again. She ran over to him and told him another joke. Why did the chicken cross the playground? she asked. Timmy didnt know, so Lily said, To get to the other slide! Timmy laughed and nodded his head again. They all went home happy and laughing. The end.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play outside on his swing. He would swing back and forth, up and down, and it made him very happy. One day, Timmys mom asked him to help serve dinner. Timmy knew this was an important job, so he happily agreed. He set the table with plates, forks, and cups. After dinner, Timmy went back outside to swing. He felt proud of himself for serving his family and doing an important job. As he swung higher and higher, he smiled and felt grateful for the fun and love in his life.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved airplanes and airports. One day, her mom told her they were going on a trip. Lily was so excited! They arrived at the airport and Lily saw a big airplane. Wow, thats so big! she said. They got on the plane and Lily noticed the seats were cheap. These seats are not comfy, she said. During the flight, Lily got a little sick. Her mom gave her some medicine and told her to rest. When they landed, Lily felt better. They got off the plane and went to their hotel. Im glad youre feeling better, her mom said. We cant have you rotting away on our trip!Once upon a time, there was a little girl who had a pretty blouse. One day, the little girl was playing outside and her blouse got caught on a bush. She tried hard to pull it off, but it stayed caught. She asked her mom for help and said she was stuck. Her mom said, âœDonât worry, honey. Weâll get it off.â Her mom tried to pull the blouse off, but it was stuck tight. The mom said, âœI think this blouse wants to escape. We need to be persistent to get it off.â The mom and little girl kept trying to get the blouse off, until finally it came loose. The little girl hugged her mom and said, âœThank you for helping me escape!âOnce upon a time, there was a dog named Browny. Browny was a good dog but he was very impatient. Every day he played in the garden with his tail wagging. One day, Brownys tail was not wagging as much as it usually did. He thought it would be better if he had a longer tail. So Browny decided to practice to improve his tail wagging. First, Browny tried to wag his tail slowly. Then he tried to wag it faster. But no matter how hard he tried, he couldnt make his tail longer. Browny was frustrated. He asked his mom, Mommy, how can I make my tail longer? Mommy replied, Ah, my darling you cant make your tail longer. But you can still practice and improve your tailwagging. With enough practice, you will get better! Browny was happy. He went back to practicing, and soon he was able to wag his tail faster and better than before. Moral of the story With patience and practice, you can improve your skills.One day, Joe went for a jog in the park. He was feeling good and enjoying the fresh air. Suddenly, he felt a sharp shock! He had stepped on an electric wire that was hidden in the grass. Joe was scared and jumped back. But then he saw his best friend, Max. Max was dependable and smiled at Joe. Max had special gloves that kept him safe. So, Joe put on the gloves and continued to jog with Max. Together, they finished their jog without any more shocks!Anna loved to play the piano. She liked to press the keys and make sounds. Some sounds were high and some were low. She learned how to make songs with her fingers. One day, Anna saw a big piano in the hall. It was shiny and black. It had many more keys than her small piano. She wanted to try it. She looked around and saw no one. She ran to the big piano and climbed on the stool. She reached for the keys and pressed them. They made deep sounds that filled the hall. She felt happy and excited. She played faster and louder. She did not hear the footsteps behind her. Anna, what are you doing? It was her mom. She sounded angry and scared. Anna turned around and saw her moms face. She looked mad and sad. Anna felt bad and scared. She did not mean to make trouble. She jumped off the stool and ran to her mom. She hugged her mom and said, Im sorry, mom. I just wanted to play the big piano. It was so pretty and fun. Please dont be mad at me. Her mom hugged her back and said, Im not mad at you, Anna. Im glad you love music. But you cant play the big piano without permission. It belongs to someone else. It is very expensive and delicate. You could break it or hurt yourself. Do you understand? Anna nodded and said, Yes, mom. I understand. I wont do it again. Im sorry. Her mom smiled and said, Its okay, Anna. I forgive you. But you have to be careful and respectful. Come on, lets go home. I have a surprise for you. They walked to the car. Anna wondered what the surprise was. She hoped it was something good. She felt sorry for playing the big piano. She rubbed her eyes and sniffed. When they got home, Anna saw a big box in the living room. It had a bow and a card. Her mom said, This is for you, Anna. Happy birthday. I hope you like it. Anna opened the box and gasped. It was a new piano. It was bigger than her old one, but smaller than the big one. It was white and shiny. It had many keys and buttons. It looked beautiful and fun. Anna hugged her mom and said, Thank you, mom. I love it. Its the best gift ever. Can I play it? Her mom said, Of course, you can. Its your piano. You can play it anytime you want. But remember to be careful and respectful. And practice every day. Maybe one day, you can play the big piano in the hall. But only with permission. Anna smiled and said, Okay, mom. I will. I love you. She climbed on the stool and pressed the keys. They made high and low sounds that filled the living room. She felt happy and excited. She played a song with her fingers. It was her favorite song. It was the song her mom taught her. It was the song of the piano.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily who had a pony named Sparkles. Sparkles was a very sleepy pony and loved to take naps in the sun. One day, Lily went to the barn to see Sparkles and found her sleeping. Sparkles, wake up! said Lily. Sparkles slowly opened her eyes and yawned. Oh, hello Lily. I was having a nice dream. What were you dreaming about? asked Lily. I was dreaming about running through a field of flowers, said Sparkles. I love to run and play. I remember when we went on a ride together, said Lily. That was so much fun. Sparkles smiled. Yes, it was. We should do it again soon. And so, Lily and Sparkles spent the rest of the day playing and having fun together.Once upon a time there was a thin bean. It was hidden away in a box and never seen by anyone. One day, a little girl named Ella came across the box while she was playing. She grabbed the box and opened it. A burst of air flew out. Ella smiled and said, Whats this? Inside the box was the thin bean. She was excited and asked, Can I keep it? Her mother said, Yes, but be careful. You must release the bean carefully. So Ella released it and watched as the thin bean floated up into the sky. She watched it until it disappeared into the clouds. Ella smiled. She had made a new friend.Once upon a time there was a girl named Wednesday. Every Wednesday, Wednesday would turn her messy room into a beautiful place! She would start by picking up all her toys. Then, she would put them away in boxes and on shelves. Wednesday would even wipe down the walls and sweep up the floor. At the end of every Wednesday, Wednesdays room looked like a brand new place. All her friends were so happy and excited when they saw her room! But by the next Wednesday, everything was usually messy again. Wednesday was so sad. She was about to start cleaning when her mom showed her a special box. She told Wednesday that if she put all of the toys inside the box, then it would be easier to clean everything the next week. Wednesday smiled and started putting the toys away. At the end of the day, Wednesdays room had neat stacks of boxes and there wasnt one toy on the floor. Wednesday had turned her messy room into a beautiful place!Tom and Mia are best friends. They like to play together at school. Sometimes they play with blocks, sometimes they play with dolls, sometimes they play with cars. They have a lot of fun. One day, they see a new boy in their class. His name is Sam. He is very big and loud. He pushes other kids and takes their toys. He makes them cry. Tom and Mia do not like Sam. They are scared of him. At snack time, Tom and Mia sit together. They have apples and juice. Sam comes over and grabs Toms apple. He says, This is mine now. You are too small and weak. He laughs and walks away. Tom is sad and angry. He wants his apple back. Mia sees Toms face. She feels sorry for him. She whispers in his ear, Dont worry, Tom. We can get your apple back. We are smart and brave. We can work together. She puts her hand on his shoulder. She smiles at him. Tom feels better. He whispers back, Thank you, Mia. You are a good friend. How can we get my apple back? Mia thinks for a moment. She has an idea. She whispers her plan to Tom. They nod and get ready. They wait until Sam is busy playing with a ball. They sneak up behind him. Mia grabs his backpack. Tom grabs his apple. They run away as fast as they can. They hide behind a tree. They highfive each other. They eat the apple and share the juice. They are happy. Sam turns around and sees his backpack and apple are gone. He is mad and confused. He looks around and sees Tom and Mia behind the tree. He yells, Hey, you two! Give me back my stuff! He runs towards them. But Tom and Mia are not afraid. They stand up and face him. They say, No, Sam. This is Toms apple. You took it from him. That is not nice. You should say sorry and be kind to others. You are not tough. You are mean. Sam stops and looks at them. He is surprised. He sees that they are not scared of him. He feels ashamed. He says, Im sorry. You are right. I was mean. I dont have many friends. I wanted to be tough and cool. But I was wrong. Can you forgive me? Tom and Mia look at each other. They think for a moment. They say, Yes, we can forgive you. But you have to promise to be nice and share from now on. And you have to give us some of your snacks too. Sam nods and agrees. He gives them some of his cookies and crackers. He says, Can we be friends? Tom and Mia say, Yes, we can be friends. But you have to play nicely with everyone. And you have to whisper sometimes. You are too loud. Sam smiles and says, OK, I will try. Thank you for giving me a chance. They hug and make up. The end.Once there was a little girl named Lucy. She was only three years old but she was brave and daring. One day, she went for a bike ride with her mom. As they rode, they came to a bridge. The bridge was dark and spooky and Lucy was scared. But her mom told her to Go faster, Lucy! So Lucy put her feet to the pedals and pedaled as fast as she could! She felt the wind on her face as she sped across the bridge. She felt brave and strong. Mom smiled and gave Lucy a big hug when they were safely on the other side. From then on, Lucy was not so scared of the dark bridge.Once upon a time there was a little girl called Daisy and a little boy called Tom. Daisy and Tom went to the park together. As they walked around they saw lots of different animals. Tom was so excited to see all the animals and shouted out with joy. Daisy saw a beautiful bird and when she pointed it out to Tom he said, Thats mine! Daisy was jealous, but kept quiet. Then they saw a group of rabbits. Daisy said, Lets sort the animals together! So they worked together and grouped the animals into fours. Tom said, I want to keep all the animals, lets take them home! Daisy said, But we cant do that. We need to sort them out. Tom was sad, but Daisy convinced him to leave the animals in the park. She said, We can come back and see them soon. Tom agreed and the two ran off to find something else to do.Once upon a time, there was a little girl who loved to play. She was very playful and often spent her days making up wonderful games. One day, while out playing in the park, she noticed something on the other side of the playground. The little girl was surprised to find a big puppy! She walked over to the puppy and said, Hi! Whats your name?. The puppy looked up, seemed to smile, and said, My name is Spot. Im so pleased to meet you!. The little girl was absolutely delighted and asked Spot to join her in a game of tag. Spot seemed very excited and barked with joy. They played their game of tag for hours, running back and forth across the park. As the little girl was about to go home, Spot barked one last time and gave her a big surprise! He had a special gift for her in his mouth a beautiful and playful little puppy toy. She hugged Spot and thanked him for the surprise. She asked if he would like to come to the park and play again. Spot barked happily and said, Yes! I cant wait!.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Sophie. She was three years old and very curious. Every day, she asked her parents questions about the mysterious things around her. One day, Sophie saw something strange in the garden. It was a box with a mysterious pattern on it. Sophie asked her mom, What is that? Her mom replied, Its a mystery! I think it will be fun for you to keep it and try to figure it out. Sophie was very excited. Every day, she came back to the mysterious box and tried to find a way to open it. After a few days of trying, she managed to open the box! Inside the box, Sophie was surprised to find a tiny toy that made sounds when she turned it over! Sophie said I kept the mystery and now I know the surprise! Sophie was so happy to have found the surprise and kept the mystery. From then on, she always reminded herself to keep exploring and never give up.Once upon a time there were two friends, Tom and Mary. Tom was old and Mary was young but they were best friends. One day, Tom was very sad because he didnt have an invitation to a party. Mary saw that Tom was sad and wanted to help him. She went to the party and asked if Tom could come too. The people at the party said yes! and gave Tom a special invitation. Tom was very excited. He put on his best clothes and went with Mary to the party. Everyone smiled when they saw him and he felt very special. When the party was over, Tom thanked Mary for helping him feel so happy. He looked at her with a big smile and said, Thanks for the invitation. You are the best friend ever! The moral of this story is that friends should help each other in times of need, and should always welcome an old friend with a special invitation.Once upon a time there was a girl. She loved to play with her friends. One day, she heard a funny noise. It sounded like someone calling her name! The girl decided to follow the sound and see what it was. The noise got louder and louder as she followed it. Suddenly, she came across a giant pile of butter. It was enormous and made the weirdest noise. She realized this strange sound was coming from the butter! She bent down to take a closer look and realized there were tiny voices coming from inside the butter. She couldnt take it anymore and reached out to touch the butter. All of a sudden the butter started to move. She quickly jumped back, scared and confused. The girl realized that the butter was actually alive! Small creatures were inside the butter calling her name. They were friendly and asked her what her name was. The girl was very surprised. It was a weird experience but she was happy she got to meet the butter creatures. She smiled, said her name and waved goodbye.One day, there was a foolish mouse named Max. He decided to go and spin around in circles until he was dizzy. He spun and spun and spun until he got too dizzy and fell down and bumped his head. Max felt a bit silly, but he laughed and decided to keep spinning. Max spun around and around and soon he was going too fast. He felt like he was on a page in a book, going around and around in circles. He began to spin in bigger circles, but he was moving too quickly. Suddenly, something bad happened. He was going so fast that he flew off the page and out the window! Max was terrified as he flew away into the night sky. He tried to turn around, but he was too far away to get back. He landed in the forest and was so lost. The foolish mouse had forgotten to be careful. The moral of the story is to be careful and wise. If Max had taken a moment to think, he wouldnt have made a foolish mistake that almost ended his life. His spinning adventures may have been fun, but sometimes foolish behavior has bad endings.Every night when bedtime comes, James bedroom would get this special kind of glow. He wasnt sure why it happened, so he asked his parents. Mom, why is my bedroom getting a special kind of glow? James asked. Its the stars, Mom replied. They help us feel safe and snug at night. James eyes lit up and he asked if he could go outside and see them. His mom agreed and he put his shoes on, and they went to the backyard. When they got there, James was shocked. He saw the sky was filled with hundreds of stars glowing brightly in the night sky. Wow!, he exclaimed. Its so beautiful. His mom smiled and said, They are very helpful to us all. When you feel scared or lonely, just look up to the stars and it will make you feel better. James wanted to try so he looked up and smiled as the stars glowed brightly in the night.Once upon a time there was an old lady. She loved to sing a special song, but she felt sad. She sang her song, but she didnt feel better. Nothing made her happy, until one day a very special friend showed up. It was a little 3 year old. The 3 year old had a big smile on their face and they sang the same song as the old lady. It was so lovely! The 3 year old hugged the old lady and comforted her. The old lady felt so much better. The 3 year old had brought so much happiness to her. After that, the old lady and the 3 year old sang the special song together every day and were very happy.Once there was a boy named John who liked to make things out of wood. He had a big pile of original wood in his room. He had a saw and some nails, so he could make anything he wanted. John wanted to make a chair. He used the saw to cut the pieces of wood, and then he nailed them together. It took a long time, but finally it was done. He had a chair! John was so proud of his chair. It looked better than any chair he had ever seen. He listed it in the window, and everyone who passed by noticed it. They all said it was the most beautiful chair they had ever seen. John had made something special. He had taken one piece of original wood and made it into something amazing. And he was very proud of it.Lily and Ben were friends. They liked to play together in the park. One day, they saw a big house with a fence. The house had many windows and a door with a bell. Who lives there? Lily asked. I dont know. Maybe someone rich, Ben said. They walked closer to the fence. They saw a switch on the wall. It had a sign that said Do not touch. What does it do? Lily wondered. Lets find out, Ben said. He reached for the switch. No, dont! Lily said. The sign says no. But Ben did not listen. He pushed the switch. Suddenly, the house made a loud noise. Lights flashed and music played. The door opened and a man came out. He looked angry. Who are you? What are you doing here? he shouted. Lily and Ben were scared. They ran away from the fence. They did not look back. They ran to the park. They sat on a bench. They were out of breath. That was not fun, Lily said. No, it was not, Ben agreed. They looked at each other. They smiled. They were still friends. They decided to play something else. Something safe and nice. They did not touch the switch again.Once upon a time, there was a nice man. The man had a big present. He wanted to give the present to the sky. So one day, the man walked up to the sky with the big present. He put the big present in the sky. The sky was very happy. The sky said âœThank you for the nice present!â The man said, âœYoure welcome!â The man gave the sky a hug. The sky hugged him back. Then they both smiled. The man and the sky were very happy. They had a nice day.Billy had a drum. He liked to play it. He liked the way it made him feel happy and he liked to drum along to his favourite songs. One day, Billys dad was feeling grumpy. He was tired and frustrated. He asked Billy to put away his drum, but Billy didnt want to. He wanted to keep playing his drum. Billys dad got cross and told him to remember to put the drum away when he was done playing. Billy nodded, but he didnt think he could remember. Billy tried his best and soon he did remember. He put away the drum and tried to make his dad happy. His dads grumpy face disappeared and a smile appeared. Billy was glad he could make his dad happy, and he was so proud that he remembered. He was looking forward to playing his drum again soon.Once upon a time, there was a driver named Jack. Jack had a big car and he loved to drive it fast. One day, Jack wanted to go up a big hill, but his car was not strong enough. Jack tried and tried to make his car go up the hill, but it just would not work. Jack was very persistent and did not give up. He tried to push his car up the hill, but it was too heavy. Then, he saw a big truck and asked the driver for help. The driver was kind and helped Jack push his car up the hill. Finally, Jack made it to the top of the hill and he was so happy! He thanked the driver and drove home safely. From that day on, Jack knew that even when things were hard, he could try and be persistent like the driver who helped him.Once upon a time there was a girl named Ella. Every day, she liked to eat a yummy sausage for lunch. But one day, when she went to get her sausage, it was gone! Ella was worried. She looked all around the kitchen, but the sausage wasnt there. Then Ella saw something flying out the window. She went over and saw that it was her sausage! Someone had sent it away! Ella was very worried and started to cry. She didnt know who had sent her sausage away. Just then, Ellas mom came in the room. She hugged Ella and said, Dont worry, my sweet girl. Grandpa sent your sausage away because he thought you needed it! Ella was surprised. She hadnt thought of that before. She smiled, and hugged her mom. They both laughed. Grandpa had sent her sausage away because he loved her so much.Lily and Max were playing in the kitchen. They wanted to make a cake for Mommy. They found some flour, eggs, milk and sugar. They put them in a big bowl. Lets mix them! said Lily. She took a big spoon and stirred the bowl. Max helped her. They mixed and mixed until the batter was smooth and yellow. Can I taste it? asked Max. He licked the spoon. Yummy! Wait, we need to bake it! said Lily. She poured the batter into a cake pan. She put it in the oven. Now we have to wait. They sat on the floor and waited. They were very tired from mixing. They closed their eyes and fell asleep. Mommy came home and smelled the cake. She saw Lily and Max sleeping on the floor. She smiled and took the cake out of the oven. It was huge and golden. She put it on a plate and covered it with a napkin. She woke up Lily and Max. Look what you made! she said. A huge cake! Lily and Max opened their eyes and saw the cake. They were very happy and proud. They hugged Mommy and said, We made it for you! Mommy hugged them back and said, Thank you, my sweeties! You are the best! She cut a slice of cake for each of them. They ate the cake and it was delicious. They had a wonderful time.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim liked to play with his glow toy at night. He would run around the house, making the toy glow in the dark. One day, Tims mom told him to be careful while playing with his toy. One night, Tim was playing with his glow toy near the stairs. He was not careful and fell down. Tim felt hurt and cried. His mom and dad heard him cry and came to help. They saw that he was hurt and needed to go to the hospital. At the hospital, the doctor looked at Tim and said he was sorry. The doctor tried to help Tim, but his leg was too hurt. Tim could not play with his glow toy anymore. He was very sad and wished he had been careful when his mom told him to be.Once upon a time there was a little duck who wanted to go on an adventure. But the river near her home was all dried up! What was she to do? Then she saw a big puddle of mud and thought that it would be easy to swim in. She waded into the mud, felt the squishiness under her webbed feet and started to feed. She ate all kinds of bugs and small pieces of grass. While she was enjoying her meal, she heard a voice calling out. It was coming from the other side of the mud. Hey, little duck! said the voice. Why dont you come over here? It is much easier to feed over here! The little duck listened to the voice and swam over. Sure enough, there were lots of worms and insects to eat! She ate until she was full, then happily flew away, feeling very content.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to eat yummy treats like cookies and candy. One day, her mom baked a big batch of cookies that smelled so tasty. Lily couldnt wait to eat them all. As she was about to take a bite, the ground started to tremble. Lily was scared and held onto her moms hand tightly. Suddenly, there was a loud shock that shook the house. Lily was so scared that she dropped her cookie on the floor. After a while, the shaking stopped and Lilys mom checked the news. They found out that there was an earthquake in their town. Lily was sad that she couldnt eat her cookie, but she was grateful that she was safe. Her mom promised to bake more cookies once everything settled down. And they lived happily ever after, enjoying their tasty treats and staying safe from any future shocks.Sara and Ben like to travel with their mom and dad. They go to many places and see many things. One day, they travel to a big forest. They see many trees and animals. They are happy. But in the forest, there is a witch. She is not kind. She is mean. She likes to make trouble for people. She sees Sara and Ben and wants to catch them. She makes a loud noise and scares them. Who are you? Sara asks. I am the witch of the forest. And you are my lunch! the witch says. Sara and Ben are scared. They run away from the witch. They look for their mom and dad. But they are lost. They do not know where to go. They see a small house. It is made of candy and cake. It smells good. They are hungry. They go to the house. They knock on the door. Hello? a voice says. They open the door. They see a lady. She is not a witch. She is kind. She smiles at them. Who are you? Ben asks. I am the fairy of the forest. And you are my guests! the lady says. Sara and Ben are happy. They go inside the house. The lady gives them food and drink. She tells them stories. She helps them find their mom and dad. They thank the lady and hug her. They say goodbye. They travel back to their mom and dad. They tell them about the witch and the fairy. They are safe and happy. The end.Once upon a time, there was an ugly dog. He had brown fur and big ears. He lived in a house with his owner, a boy named Timmy. One day, Timmy opened the door and the dog ran outside. He ran and ran until he saw a big tree. He wanted to play, so he jumped and sprang up into the branches. Timmy called for him, but the dog was having too much fun. Finally, the dog came back down and Timmy gave him a big hug. From then on, the dog knew that he could always spring up into the tree and have fun, but he would always come back to Timmy. The end.Mommy was upset and sent Tom to the store to buy a towel. Tom was excited to go on an adventure and happily skipped out the door. When he came to the store, Tom looked around for the towels. He found a big pile of soft, colourful towels and picked out his favourite one. Tom paid for the towel and was ready to head back home when he realized he had forgotten his bag at home! He was so upset, but his mommy said it was okay and sent him back with an empty bag. Tom made it back home with the towel safely in the bag. Mommy was so pleased to see the towel and gave Tom a big hug. They both laughed and felt happy again.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to help his mom cook in the kitchen. One day, his mom was making soup and she asked Timmy to stir it. Timmy was happy to help and he stirred and stirred with a big spoon. Suddenly, Timmy saw a bone in the soup. He was surprised and asked his mom, Whats this bone doing in the soup? His mom explained that it was a chicken bone and it added flavor to the soup. But Timmy was frustrated because he didnt like the bone in his soup. His mom told him not to worry and she would take it out for him. Timmy felt better and continued to stir the soup until it was ready to eat. And it was delicious!Tom and Lily like to play ball in the yard. They have a big red ball that bounces high and makes a loud sound. They take turns to pass the ball to each other and catch it. One day, they see a new car in the garage. It is shiny and blue and has four doors. They want to look at it, but they know they are not allowed to go in the garage. The garage is for grownups only. Whos car is that? Lily asks. I dont know. Maybe its Moms or Dads, Tom says. Can we touch it? Lily says. No, we cant. It might be dirty or break, Tom says. But Lily is curious. She sneaks into the garage when Tom is not looking. She reaches out her hand to touch the car. But she is not gentle. She scratches the car with her nails. The car makes a beep beep sound. Lily is scared. She runs out of the garage. Tom hears the beep beep sound. He sees Lily running out of the garage. He sees the scratch on the car. He is angry. Lily, what did you do? he shouts. Im sorry, Tom. I just wanted to see the car, Lily says. You are bad, Lily. You should not go in the garage. You should not scratch the car. Mom and Dad will be mad at you, Tom says. Lily starts to cry. She feels sorry. She hugs Tom and says, Im sorry, Tom. I love you. Please dont be mad at me. Tom feels sorry too. He hugs Lily and says, I love you too, Lily. But you have to be careful. You have to be gentle. You have to listen to Mom and Dad. OK? OK, Tom. I will, Lily says. They go back to the yard. They play ball again. They pass the ball to each other and catch it. They are happy.Once upon a time, there was a young girl named Lily. She had a gentle cat named Mittens. Lily loved to play with Mittens and cuddle with her. One day, Lilys mom asked her to go to the store to buy some milk. Lily was scared to go alone, but her mom told her to trust herself and be brave. So, Lily took Mittens with her and they walked to the store together. On their way, they saw a little bird that had fallen from its nest. Lily picked up the bird and held it gently in her hands. Mittens watched over the bird too, making sure it was safe. When they got to the store, Lily bought the milk and they walked back home. Lily felt proud of herself for being brave and helping the little bird. She knew she could trust herself and be gentle with animals.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to eat avocados because they were soft and yummy. One day, Lily went to the store with her mom to buy some avocados. Lily saw a toy she wanted and asked her mom if they could buy it. Her mom said, No, we cant spend money on toys today. We need to buy some avocados for dinner. Lily was sad she couldnt get the toy, but she was happy when they got home and her mom made some avocado toast for dinner. It was so soft and delicious! Lily said to her mom, Im glad we didnt spend money on the toy. This avocado toast is much better! Her mom smiled and said, Im glad you like it, Lily. And they both enjoyed their avocado dinner together. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to paint pictures with bright colors, but today she only had dull colors. She was sad because she wanted to make a pretty picture for her mommy. As she walked through the forest looking for inspiration, she saw a snake slithering across her path. She was scared, but the snake didnt seem to want to hurt her. Instead, it led her to a beautiful meadow with colorful flowers. Lily was so happy and began to paint a picture of the meadow with all the bright colors she could imagine. When she finished, she realized that the dull colors she had before were the perfect backdrop for her bright and beautiful painting. She thanked the snake for showing her the way and went home to show her mommy her masterpiece.One day, Billy was walking in the park. He saw something shiny in the grass. He bent over to pick it up and saw that it was a nail. It was so sparkly in the sunlight! Billy decided to take the nail home with him. He carefully put it in his pocket and kept walking. Suddenly, he slipped on a rock and fell! Billys loyal dog, Spot, barked and ran to help him. Spot licked Billys face and the two of them hugged. Billy was so thankful for his loyal friend! After he got up, Billy looked for the nail but it was gone. He smiled, realising that the nail must have slipped out of his pocket when he fell. Billy knew that he would never forget his loyal dog who helped him in the park that day.Once upon a time, there were two friends, Sally and Joe. They were both different, but they liked each other a lot. One day, Sally asked Joe to come to her house to play games. When they got there, Sally showed Joe her new fan. It was so shiny and sharp, Joe was really impressed. He wanted to touch it and feel it, but Sally said he couldnt. Joe was disappointed, but he said okay. But the next day, Joes friend Tom came to his house to play games. Joe showed Tom his fan, and Tom was even more impressed than Joe. He asked Joe if he could touch it, too, and Joe said yes, he could! Sally was sad and angry that Joe let Tom touch her fan but not her. Sally was also hurt because she thought Joe was her best friend. So Sally and Joe had to have a talk about what friends should do. Finally, they both agreed that its not nice to not let your friends touch something special to you. And from then on, Joe always gave Sally and all his friends a chance to touch his fan.Once upon a time there was a crane. He loved to bow for everyone he met. He bowed for all the animals in the forest, even for the birds who flew high in the sky. He was very organized and always wanted to do things the right way. One day he was walking through the forest and saw many animals. He bowed to all of them. When he came across a bear, the crane bowed very low. The bear loved watching the crane bow. The crane kept walking and came across a pond. He saw a family of cranes there, so he decided to bow to them too. The family of cranes seemed surprised and flew away. But the crane was still proud of himself for being so organized. The crane kept bowing everywhere he went and eventually it became a habit. Now, every time he meets someone he always bows to show his respect. He is very organized and proud of himself. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the sun. One day, she went to the park to swing on the swings. While she was swinging, she saw a bird flying in the sky. Lily asked her mom, Mommy, can I ask the bird where its going? Her mom smiled and said, Sure, you can try. So Lily called out to the bird, Hey birdie, where are you going? The bird didnt answer and just kept flying away. As Lily was swinging, she noticed a big green land in the distance. It looked like a big field with lots of trees. She asked her mom, Mommy, can we go to that big green land? Her mom said, Yes, we can go there tomorrow. Its a nice place for a picnic. The next day, Lily and her family went to the big green land. It was a mild day with a gentle breeze blowing. They had a wonderful time eating sandwiches and playing games. Lily was happy she got to ask the bird a question and go to the big green land.Once upon a time there was a little girl. She was named Lucy and she was three years old. One day her mum said, Lets go and get something special. So they went to the store and Lucy saw a yummylooking zigzag. It looked delicious. She asked her mum to get it for her and her mum said, Yes, ok lets get it. When they got home Lucy was so excited! She took the zigzag out of its box and started to eat it. It was so delicious! In the end her mum said, Its time to go to bed. Now no more spoiling yourself! Lucy smiled and said, Ok, and put the rest of the zigzag away for tomorrow. The EndOnce upon a time, there was a big, wild jungle. In the jungle, there was a monkey who loved to jump from tree to tree. One day, the monkey saw a vendor selling bananas. The monkey loved bananas, so he went to the vendor and asked for one. The vendor gave the monkey a banana, and the monkey was very happy. He ate the banana and then continued to jump from tree to tree, feeling very satisfied. The end.One day, a little girl named Lucy was walking through the park. She was very alert and looking around for any fun things to do. Suddenly, she saw a big tree with lots of sharp leaves. She was excited, so she started to jump around and touch the leaves. She had to be careful not to get any cuts! After a while, Lucy decided to take a break and sat down on a park bench. Suddenly she heard a loud noise, like a beeping sound. Then she saw something she had never seen beforeâa big, green test! It wasnt moving, but Lucy could tell it was very important. She walked over to it and tried to touch it, but it was too high up. She was about to walk away when something caught her eyeâa button! She was so alert that she noticed it right away. She reached up and pressed it. Suddenly, the test changed colors and made a loud noise. Lucy was so excited that she started to jump around again. She didnt know what had happened, but she was glad it worked! Then she took one more sharp look around and then ran off to find new adventures.Once upon a time, there was a little girl who loved to fly. She had a special black room in her house where she did her flying. She would leap from the ground, spread her arms and pretend she was a bird! One day, the little girl told her mom she wanted to fly around the world. Her mom smiled and said, âœThats a big dream! You need a magic carpet for that.â The girl had an idea. She ran to the black room and pulled out a blanket. Then she jumped on the blanket and yelled, âœTake me to the world!â But the blanket didnt moveâ The girls dad came over to help. He smiled and said, âœLets try this. Close your eyes and flap your arms.â The girl closed her eyes and flapped her arms as hard as she could. Suddenly, she felt herself rising off the ground. She opened her eyes and saw that she was flying! She flew out the window, over the trees and around the world. The little girl laughed and shouted, âœIm flying!â The girl made it back home before dinner and from then on, she flew around her black room every day.Once there was a young girl called Mia. She loved to climb up the big oak tree in the garden. Every day, she would balance on the thick vine and go as high as she could go. One time, Mia saw a big bird in the tree. She wanted to be friends with it, so she balanced carefully on the vine and made her way closer. She smiled as the bird started chirping at her. Mia soon became very good at balancing on the vine. She could spread her arms wide and keep her balance for a long time. She had so much fun being with the bird that she kept going higher and higher! But then one day the vine suddenly broke. Mia suddenly felt herself falling and the bird was screeching above her. But just before she hit the ground, Mia grabbed one of the branches and held on tightly. She managed to save herself and balance carefully back on the ground. Mia was so glad that she was safe. She waved goodbye to her bird friend and rushed inside to tell her parents what had happened. From then on, Mia made sure to stay close to the ground when she was playing.Jimmy was 3 years old and he was very excited. He had been given a sack and he was allowed to fill it with toys. He wasnt sure what toys to take. So Jimmy took out his big box of toys and started looking through it. He chose a fit blue car and a fit pink doll. He also found a fit red teddy bear, so he put it in his sack. He wanted to see if he could fit any more toys in the sack. He tried ringing a fit jigsaw puzzle and a fit ball, but it was too full. So Jimmy closed the sack and carried it around. He had made it fit all his toys, and he was so proud of his achievement.Once upon a time, there was a boy who really, really needed a scooter. He asked his mom and dad for one every day, but still did not have one. One morning, he woke up and there was a special scooter outside his bedroom window! It was a dull grey color and he wanted it so much that he squealed with delight. He put on his shoes and raced outside. The scooter had big wheels and a handlebar that he could hold onto. He climbed up and tried to steer it, but it was tricky. He needed help from his mom to learn how to use it. Finally, with his moms help, he was zooming around the house! He was having so much fun that he didnt want to stop. Now he was so happy that he had the scooter he always needed.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the park. One day, she went on the swings and saw a boy. He was crying because he fell down and hurt his knee. Lily asked him, Are you okay? The boy said, No, my knee hurts. Lily said, Dont worry, I have a good idea. Lets go to the ice cream truck and get some ice cream. It will make you feel better. The boy smiled and said, Okay! So they went to the ice cream truck and got some ice cream. The boy felt better and said, Thank you, Lily. You are a good friend. Lily smiled and said, No problem. Friends always yield to help each other.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy had a toy car that could zoom really fast. He loved to play with it every day. One day, Timmys friend Billy came over to play. Billy wanted to play with Timmys toy car, but Timmy didnt want to share. Billy said, Timmy, why wont you let me play with your car? Timmy replied, Because its my favorite toy and I dont want it to break. Billy dared Timmy to let him play with the car for just one minute. Timmy thought about it for a moment and decided to be dependable and share his toy with his friend. So, he handed the car to Billy and said, Okay, but be careful with it. Billy was so happy and he zoomed the car around the room. After a minute, he gave the toy car back to Timmy and said, Thanks for sharing your toy with me, Timmy. Youre a good friend. Timmy smiled and said, Youre welcome, Billy. Im glad we can share our toys and have fun together.Once upon a time, there was a bunny called Hop. He was a small bunny and he loved hopping around. Every morning, Hop would hop around the garden looking for something to do. One day, as Hop hopped around, he came across a strange knob. It was big and round and it had a special glow. Hop hopped right up to it and gave it a gentle tap. But nothing happened. So Hop took a few steps back and hopped as high as he could. He kicked the knob with his back foot and suddenly the knob started flashing! Hop hopped back again as the knob opened up with a slow creak. Hop jumped in with excitement and found himself in a room full of wonders. He hopped around, exploring everything from the giant slide to the chocolate fountain. Hop hopped out of the room with the knob and has been hopping back to it for adventures ever since!Once upon a time, there was a little girl. She loved to play with dough. She could open the dough and make it into different shapes. One day, she was playing with the dough when she had a great idea. She decided to make lots of pieces of the dough so that she could match them up. She started making lots of dough balls. Some were big and some were small. Some were smooth and some were bumpy. She then made a pile of each type of dough ball. The little girl was delighted when she saw how many of the dough balls were exactly the same! She then matched each of the same dough balls together and had a lot of fun. At the end of the day, the little girl was happy that she was able to match all the dough balls together.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She liked to listen to music because it made her happy. One day, Lily went to the park with her mommy. They played on the swings and went down the slide. After a while, Lily felt very tired and wanted to take a nap. She lay down on a blanket and closed her eyes. Suddenly, she heard a scary noise. It was a big dog barking loudly. Lily was afraid and started to cry. Her mommy hugged her and told her not to be scared. The dog was just playing and didnt want to hurt anyone. Soon, the dogs owner came and took him away. Lily felt better and listened to some more music. She fell asleep and had a nice nap in the sun. When she woke up, her mommy gave her a big hug and they went home. Lily was happy because she had a fun day at the park.Sam was feeling gloomy one day. He looked outside his window and saw dark clouds in the sky. He sighed and put on his coat. He had to go out and find something to cheer him up. He stepped outside and took a deep breath. He heard some birds singing in a tree and smiled. He saw some kids playing and decided to join them. They offered him a glass and poured some water in it. It was very refreshing. The game the kids were playing made Sam forget about his glum mood. They laughed and played for hours until the sun went down and their parents called them home. Sam thanked the kids for offering him the glass and for playing with him. He was feeling much better. He said goodbye and walked back to his house. When he looked out his window later that night he saw the same clouds, but they werent gloomy anymore!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys and her mother would always watch her. One day, Lilys mother told her they were going to have a picnic in the park. Lily was so excited and couldnt wait to go. When they got to the park, Lilys mother unpacked the picnic basket and they sat down to eat. Suddenly, Lily noticed something in the distance. Whats that? she asked her mother. Its a big light show! her mother replied. Lily was so excited and couldnt wait to see it. As the sun started to set, the sky got darker and darker. But then, the light show began! There were so many beautiful colors and lights flashing all around them. Lily was amazed and couldnt stop smiling. Her mother was happy to see her so happy. After the light show, they packed up their things and headed home. Lily was tired but happy. She couldnt wait to tell her friends about the amazing light show she saw with her mother.Once upon a time, there was a kind bunny named Benny. Benny liked to hop and play with his friends in the forest. One day, Benny saw a hunter with a big gun. The hunter was looking for animals to hunt. Benny was scared and wanted to run away, but he saw his friend, a little mouse, was stuck in a trap. Benny knew he had to help his friend. He hopped over to the trap and tried to open it, but it was too strong. Then, he had an idea. He squeezed through the bars of the trap and helped his friend escape. The hunter saw what Benny did and was surprised. He realized that not all animals were bad and decided to stop hunting. Benny and his friends were happy that they could play in the forest without being scared anymore.Molly was a 3 year old girl who loved going to the museum. Her favorite part about the museum was the room full of brilliant paintings. Every day, Molly would carefully lift the rope around the paintings and admire the colors and shapes. One day, when she was admiring one of her favorite paintings, a security guard came over to her. He said, Molly! You must not lift the rope. That is against the rules. But Molly did not understand the security guard. So, the next day, Molly went back to the museum and once again lifted the rope and entered the room with the beautiful paintings. Just as she was about to look around, the security guard grabbed her arm and said, Molly! You must not come back here. You have been a very naughty girl. Molly started to cry and when her parents came to get her she was very upset. From that day onward, Molly was not allowed to visit the museum ever again. It was a bad ending for Molly.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to ride the subway with his mommy. One day, they got on the subway and Timmy saw a balloon. He wanted it so badly, but his mommy said they couldnt buy it. Timmy was sad, but then he saw another boy who looked sad too. The boy had dropped his toy car and it rolled away. Timmy picked it up and gave it back to the boy. The boy was happy and thanked Timmy. Suddenly, the subway stopped and the doors wouldnt open. Everyone was scared, but Timmys mommy told him to release his seat belt and they could escape through the window. Timmy was scared, but he did it and they all got out safely. Timmy felt fit and strong for helping the other boy and for being brave on the subway.Once upon a time, there was a small girl named Lily. She had a small case that she loved to carry around with her everywhere she went. One day, Lily was playing outside when she heard a small noise. She looked around and saw a small bird sitting on a branch of a tree. The bird was chirping a small song. Lily wanted to talk to the bird, but she didnt want to scare it away. So, she decided to whisper to the bird. She whispered a small hello and the bird chirped back. Lily was so happy that she opened her small case and took out some small seeds to give to the bird. The bird happily ate the seeds and flew away. From that day on, Lily always carried some small seeds in her small case, just in case she met another small bird.Once there were two friends, a kitten and a puppy. The puppy and kitten loved to play together every day. One day, they decided they should get a treat. The puppy wanted to get a rare cookie, but the kitten wanted to get ice cream. The puppy and kitten could not agree. The puppy said, âœI want the rare cookie!â The kitten said, âœNo! I want ice cream!â The puppy insisted on the rare cookie and the kitten insisted on ice cream. They argued and disagreed until they were too angry to talk to each other. The puppy sadly walked away, never to see the kitten again. The kitten was left with no treat at all.John was a busy little boy. He had a lot of jobs to do in his day. But he liked to delay. He enjoyed sitting quietly and taking his time. One day, Johns mom said, John, you need to get all your jobs done today! John knew he needed to get it done, but he still wanted to delay. John worked hard all morning on his jobs. When it came to the afternoon, he wanted to take a break. He wanted to rest and delay, but he pushed on. Finally, John finished all his jobs. He was so proud, but exhausted. He was glad that he did not delay or else he never would have finished his work. John learned that day that if he finished his jobs on time, he could still have some time to relax and enjoy the quiet.Jimmy was so excited. His mom and dad had taken him to the store to get a special surprise. When they got there, Jimmy saw a big yellow dinosaur! He was so happy and ran over to it. Jimmy asked his mom, Can I have it, please! His mom laughed and said yes. They paid for the dinosaur and took it home. Jimmy and the dinosaur became fast friends. Everywhere Jimmy went, the dinosaur followed. He took it to school and to the park. He even took it to bed with him! That night, Jimmy put the dinosaur in his bed and lay down beside it. Jimmy and the yellow dinosaur were together everywhere. They had so much fun! Jimmy was so happy that his parents had taken him to the store and allowed him to get the dinosaur. It was the best surprise ever!Lily and Ben were playing in the park. They saw a big cage with a parrot inside. The parrot had many colors and a long tail. It looked very fancy. Hello, parrot! Lily said. What is your name? The parrot did not answer. It just made a loud noise. Maybe he is shy, Ben said. Or maybe he is hungry. Lets find some food for him. They looked around and saw some nuts on a tree. They picked some and set them on the ground near the cage. Here, parrot, have some nuts, Ben said. They are yummy and good for you. The parrot looked at the nuts. He came closer and pecked at them. He liked them very much. He made a happy noise. Thank you, kids, the parrot said. My name is Coco. You are very nice. Lily and Ben were surprised. The parrot could talk! Wow, Coco, you can talk! Lily said. That is so cool. Can you say more words? Coco nodded. He repeated some words that Lily and Ben said. He also said some words that he learned from his owner. He said hello, bye, good, bad, pretty, and funny. Lily and Ben laughed. They liked Coco a lot. They played with him for a while. They asked him questions and he answered. They told him stories and he listened. They had a lot of fun with the fancy parrot.Once there was a bird. It was big and colorful. It had wings and could fly high up in the sky. One day the bird was flying in the sky when it heard a loud noise. It was a horn! The bird was surprised and kept flying. Then, the bird saw a lot of other colorful birds. The birds were all flying around in circles. Soon, the bird was flying with them! They flew all day long and it was so much fun. After dark, they all flew back home.Once upon a time, there was a big ocean. In the ocean, there was a funny shark. The shark liked to swim around and play with his fish friends. One day, the shark saw a little fish who was lost. The shark asked the fish if he needed help. The little fish nodded his head and the shark swam with him to find his family. The shark made a new friend that day and they swam together every day after that. The end.Mommy and Daddy were very excited. They were going to get a new baby! Every day, Mommy and Daddy brought something new for the baby. They put it in the drawer. The baby had lots of toys and nice clothes. One day, the baby was being very naughty. He kept taking the toys out of the drawer. Mommy and Daddy told him not to do it. But the naughty baby still did it! Mommy and Daddy decided to spoil the baby. They bought him even more toys! Now the baby was very happy and stopped taking things out of the drawer. Every day, Mommy and Daddy would play with the baby and his new toys. The baby was happy and so were Mommy and Daddy.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a piggy bank where she saved her money. One day, she went to the store with her mom and saw an incredible toy that she really wanted. She asked her mom if she could buy it, but her mom said she didnt have enough money. On the way home, Lily started to feel very sleepy. She tried to stay awake, but she couldnt help but yawn. When they got home, Lily went straight to bed and fell asleep. The next day, she woke up and remembered the toy she wanted. She decided to save her money until she had enough to buy it. Every day, Lily would put some of her money into her piggy bank. It took a long time, but eventually she had enough money to buy the incredible toy. She was so happy and couldnt wait to play with it. From that day on, Lily learned the importance of saving her money and how incredible it feels to finally buy something she really wanted.Once upon a time there was a girl called Lily. She was three years old and loved everything. One day, Lilys mum gave her a magazine. She opened it, but it was a bit boring. Mum, this magazine is so boring, Lily said. Yes, Lily I know, Mum said. But why dont you look at the pictures? There is lots of things to learn. Lily looked and soon she felt happy again. She looked at the pictures of animals and read the words. She made up stories of the pictures in her head. Lily was so happy she gave her mum a big hug. Look at all that I can learn! Lily said. Mum smiled. Yes, Lily, you can learn lots with this magazine!Once there was a happy little girl. She wanted to build something with her friends. So she asked her mom for some clay. The clay was soft and smooth. The little girl took it outside with her friends. They started to build with the clay. They made a tower that was tall and strong. They were so proud of their tower. Then they made a tooth out of the clay. They made it so clear that it sparkled in the sunshine. The little girl was so proud of her tooth. She took it home with her. Now she has a beautiful clear tooth sitting on her dresser.Lily wanted to go to the bathroom. She was very impatient. She asked her mom to lift her up and take her there. Not now, Lily. Im busy. Wait a little bit, her mom said. But Lily did not want to wait. She felt like she had to go right now. She tried to get off the couch by herself. She was too small. She fell down and hurt her knee. Ow! Ow! Ow! she cried. Her mom heard her and ran to her. She saw the blood on her knee. She felt sorry for Lily. Im sorry, Lily. I should have lifted you up. Come on, lets go to the bathroom and clean your knee, her mom said. She lifted Lily up and carried her to the bathroom. She washed her knee and put a bandaid on it. She hugged Lily and kissed her. Are you okay, Lily? she asked. Lily nodded. She felt better. She went to the bathroom and flushed the toilet. She smiled at her mom. Thank you, mom. I love you, she said. I love you too, Lily. Next time, tell me if you really have to go, okay? her mom said. Okay, mom. I will, Lily said. They walked back to the couch and cuddled. They watched a funny show on TV. They laughed together. Lily was happy.Ben and Mia love to go to the zoo with their mom and dad. They like to see the animals and learn their names. They have a favorite animal the parrot. The parrot is famous because it can talk. It can repeat what people say. One day, they go to the zoo and find the parrot in its cage. They say hello to the parrot and wait for it to talk. But the parrot is quiet. It does not repeat anything. Ben and Mia are sad. They wonder why the parrot is not talking. They ask their mom and dad. Their mom and dad say that the parrot is shy. It does not like to talk when there are many people around. They say that the parrot needs some time and space to feel comfortable. They say that if they are patient and gentle, the parrot might talk to them. Ben and Mia decide to try. They sit on a bench near the cage and watch the parrot. They talk to the parrot softly and kindly. They say things like You are a beautiful parrot and We are your friends. They do not yell or make loud noises. They do not touch the cage or throw things at the parrot. After a while, the parrot starts to move its head and look at them. It opens its beak and makes a sound. Ben and Mia are happy. They listen carefully. The parrot says Hello, beautiful parrot. It repeats what they said. Ben and Mia clap their hands and laugh. They say Hello, parrot and We are happy to meet you. The parrot repeats them too. It says Hello, parrot and We are happy to meet you. Ben and Mia and the parrot have a fun conversation. They are all happy. The parrot is not shy anymore. It is famous and friendly.Once upon a time, there were two best friends. They were very different, but they were also very special. Jimmy was a worrywart. All day, he was scared of things. He was scared of bugs and loud noises. Most of all, Jimmy was scared of the screen. John was not scared at all. He was brave. He even ate the most delicious things, like birthday cake and ice cream. One day, Jimmy decided he should be brave too. He said, John, I want to try the delicious things you eat. So, John found some ice cream for Jimmy and said, Today is your day to try something new. Jimmy felt very scared, but he also felt brave. He closed his eyes and took a bite of the ice cream. It was delicious! Jimmy smiled and said, Im not scared anymore. Im not scared of the screen. And they both lived happily ever after!Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play in the jungle near his house. One day, Timmy heard someone shouting in the jungle. He went to see who it was. When he got there, he saw a monkey who was stuck in a tree. The monkey was shouting for help. Timmy was honest and knew he needed to help the monkey. Timmy climbed up the tree to rescue the monkey. The monkey was very happy and said, Thank you, Timmy! Timmy was happy too because he had helped someone in need. From that day on, Timmy and the monkey became good friends and played together in the jungle every day.Mama was busy in the kitchen. She was cooking something in the pan. The room smelled yummy. Then, she opened the fridge and took out something. Mama said, Little one, I am making lunch for you. Are you hungry? Little one smiled and said, Yes, Mama! Mama smiled back and kept working. Then, she put the food on the table. Little one said, This smells so good Mama! Thank you so much! Mama said, Youre welcome, Little one. Im glad you like it. Little one smiled and ate the yummy food. Mama was happy that her hard work paid off.Lily and Ben were playing in the park. They liked to roll down the hill and laugh. They saw a big cage with a tiger inside. The tiger was impressive. It had orange and black stripes and sharp teeth. Wow, look at the tiger! Lily said. It is so big and strong! Lets go closer and say hello, Ben said. Maybe it is friendly. They ran to the cage and waved at the tiger. The tiger growled and looked at them with hungry eyes. Hello, tiger! Lily said. Do you want to play with us? The tiger did not want to play. It wanted to eat. It saw a hole in the cage and pushed it open. It jumped out and ran towards Lily and Ben. Help! Help! Lily and Ben screamed. The tiger is coming! They tried to run away, but they were too slow. The tiger caught them and bit them. They cried and hurt. The tiger was not friendly. It was mean and scary. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Amy. She had a pretty yellow dress with lots of buttons. She liked to wear it because it felt very tight around her. One day, Amy decided to go for a walk. She ran down the street and across the park. It was so much fun! She was laughing and playing along the way. Finally, she reached a big hill at the end of the park. Amy walked up to the top of the hill. When she got there, she saw a huge button right in front of her! It was bigger than any button she had ever seen before. She reached out and pressed the button. Suddenly, everything around her started to move! The hill began to get tighter and tighter, like it was squeezing her! Amy was so scared! But just when she thought she couldnt take it anymore, the tightness around her loosened up and she was able to take a big breath of fresh air. Amy was so relieved â and she learned a valuable lesson about being careful when playing around a big hill!Sara and Ben were playing in the backyard with their toy cars. They liked to make them zoom and crash and honk. Sara had a red car and Ben had a blue car. They were having fun until Sara saw something shiny in the grass. Look, Ben, look! Sara said, pointing to the shiny thing. What is that? Ben looked and saw a small metal box with a button on it. He was curious and wanted to touch it. Maybe its a treasure! Ben said, reaching for the box. No, Ben, no! Sara said, pulling him back. It could be dangerous! Mommy told us not to touch things we dont know. She said they could hurt us or make a spark or a boom. Ben frowned and looked at the box. He wondered what was inside. He wanted to press the button and see what would happen. But its so pretty and mysterious! Ben said, trying to get closer to the box. Maybe its a magic box! Maybe it has a surprise for us! Sara shook her head and held Bens hand. She was scared and wanted to go inside. Come on, Ben, lets go tell Mommy! Sara said, dragging him away from the box. Maybe she knows what it is. Maybe she can mention it to Daddy. He knows a lot of things. Ben sighed and followed Sara. He still wanted to play with the box, but he loved his sister and his mommy and his daddy. He hoped they would let him see the box again. He hoped it was a magic box. He hoped it had a surprise for him.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lucy. Lucy was three years old and she loved to play outside. Whenever she went outside, she felt the wind on her face. On this day, she noticed the wind was blowing something strange. Curious, she went closer and saw it was a balloon! The balloon was bright red and had a yummy smell. Lucy couldnt wait to have it. She quickly grabbed it, then ran off to show her mom. Mom, look what I found! Lucy said. Well, thats a very special balloon, isnt it? What do you think we should do with it? Store it! Lucy said right away. So Lucys mom put the balloon away in a safe place, and at night when it was time to go to bed, Lucy knew that her special balloon would still be there waiting for her.It was a hot summer day and Sarah and her mommy were going on a holiday. Sarah had been waiting for this day for a long time. As they drove away, Sarah asked her mommy, What is going to happen? Well, said her mommy, Were going to have so much fun. Were going to the beach, here you can swim and play in the sand. Sarah was happy and excited, she couldnt wait to see what would happen. When they arrived, Sarahs mommy spread out a blanket and they sat down. They looked up at the big blue sky and watched the birds flying. Suddenly, a big kite shaped like a butterfly flew above them. Sarah laughed out loud because it was so pretty. Sarah and her mommy spent the whole day playing in the sand, swimming in the sea and eating ice cream. It was a perfect holiday and they had so much fun. As they drove home, Sarah was happy. She looked out the window and thought to herself, I cant wait for the next hot summer holiday!Anna likes purple. She has a purple dress, a purple hat, and a purple ball. She likes to play with her purple ball in the park with her friend Ben. Ben likes green. He has a green shirt, a green cap, and a green bike. He likes to ride his bike in the park with Anna. One Tuesday, Anna and Ben went to the park with their moms. They played with their ball and bike for a long time. They had fun and laughed a lot. Then they saw a big dog. The dog was brown and furry. It barked and ran towards them. Anna and Ben were scared. They dropped their ball and bike and ran to their moms. Mommy, mommy, help! Anna cried. Mommy, mommy, save us! Ben shouted. Their moms hugged them and said, Dont worry, sweeties. The dog is not mean. He just wants to play. See, he is wagging his tail. He is friendly. Anna and Ben looked at the dog. He was holding their ball in his mouth. He dropped it and wagged his tail more. He looked happy and silly. Can we play with him, mommy? Anna asked. Can we pet him, mommy? Ben asked. Their moms said, Yes, you can. But first, you have to ask his owner. He is over there. He is wearing a blue jacket. He is nice too. Anna and Ben walked to the man with the blue jacket. They said, Hello, sir. Can we play with your dog? He is cute and funny. The man smiled and said, Hello, kids. Of course you can. His name is Spot. He loves to play with children. He is gentle and friendly. You can throw his ball and he will fetch it. You can pet him and he will lick you. He likes hugs too. Anna and Ben were happy. They played with Spot for a long time. They threw his ball and he fetched it. They petted him and he licked them. They hugged him and he wagged his tail. They had fun and laughed a lot. They thanked the man and said goodbye to Spot. They hugged their moms and said, We love you, mommy. Thank you for taking us to the park. We had a great Tuesday. Their moms hugged them back and said, We love you too, sweeties. You are brave and kind. We are proud of you. You had a wonderful Tuesday.Once upon a time there was a beetle that liked to go out and play in the rain. Little did the beetle know that the rain would hurt it and so it ended up getting drenched. The beetle wanted to find some shelter but there was none in sight. It was scared and started to shiver. But then it overheard a little girl talking. Mommy, why is the beetle so wet? asked the little girl. Because its raining, said her mom. The beetle was relieved and quickly ran towards their porch. The little girl and her mom opened the door and allowed the little beetle to come in. The beetle was so happy that it thanked the little girl and her mom as it quickly scurried away and found a nice dry spot to rest.Once upon a time there were two friends, Jak and Sam. Jak was very interested in unusual fashion, so every Sunday he went to the mall to record all the new and strange styles. One day when Jak was walking around the mall, he saw a really unusual hat. Oh wow, whats that? he said to Sam. It looks cool! Sam said. Lets try it on! The two friends grabbed the hat and put it on. Right away they both started laughing. This looks so funny! Jak said. Jak took out his phone and said, I have to record this as he took some pictures. When they finished, they put the hat back on the shelf and ran off to find more unusual fashion.Lily and Max were friends who liked to play together. One day, they saw a big brown pumpkin in the garden. They both wanted to take it home and make a pie. I saw it first! Lily said. It is mine! No, I saw it first! Max said. It is mine! They started to pull the pumpkin from both sides, but it was too heavy and hard. They could not move it at all. Stop it! a voice said. It was Mama, who came to see what was going on. Why are you fighting over the pumpkin? Lily and Max told her their reasons, but Mama shook her head. That is not a good way to share, she said. You should discuss and find a fair solution. Maybe you can take turns, or cut the pumpkin in half, or make a pie together. Lily and Max looked at each other. They felt sorry for being mean and selfish. They decided to make a pie together and share it with Mama and Papa. Thank you, Mama, they said. We learned our lesson. Discussing is better than fighting. Mama smiled and hugged them. She was proud of them for being kind and cooperative. She helped them to wash and cut the pumpkin, and they had a fun time making the pie. They enjoyed the sweet and warm pie, and agreed that it tasted better when they shared it.Once upon a time, in a small town, there was a kind man named Tom. Tom loved to clap and applaud for his friends when they did something good. He was very happy to see them smile. One day, Tom met a little girl named Sue. Sue was very frustrated because she could not ride her bike. Tom wanted to help Sue, so he said, Dont worry, Sue. I will teach you how to ride your bike. Sue smiled and said, Thank you, Tom! Tom and Sue practiced riding the bike together. They followed the towns law, which said to always wear a helmet and be safe. After some time, Sue learned how to ride her bike without falling. Tom was so proud of her, and he clapped and applauded for Sue. Sue was very happy, and she thanked Tom for his help. They became good friends and rode their bikes together every day.Jimmy and his mommy were in the park one sunny day, throwing a ball around. Every time Jimmy caught the ball, he gave it a big kick for fun. Wow, look at how hard you can kick it! said mommy. Jimmy smiled proudly, because he loved to show off the new skill he was learning. Just then, a pastel balloon floated by them. Its color looked really cool against the bright blue sky. There! Jimmy said, pointing to the balloon. I want to kick it! Mommy smiled and said, Ok, go ahead. But be careful, it looks icy! Jimmy laughed as he ran after the balloon and gave it a mighty kick. The balloon flew away and Jimmy cheered with joy!Once upon a time, a little boy named Timmy went to the park with his mom. Timmy loved going to the park because he could play on the swings and slide. But one day, a big dog came to the park and scared Timmy. He didnt want to play anymore. His mom saw that Timmy was scared and told him that they could leave if he wanted to. But Timmy didnt want to leave. He wanted to be independent and face his fear. So, he decided to follow his moms advice and stay at the park. Timmys mom showed him the value of being brave and facing his fears. They stayed at the park and played together. Timmy felt happy and proud of himself for being brave. From that day on, Timmy knew that he could be independent and face any challenge that came his way.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lucy. Lucy was always very helpful and kind. One day she was at the store looking for something special. She saw a lovely belt and she wanted it very much. But it was too big for her. She wanted to make it fit around her waist. She asked her mom for help and her mom was so helpful. She told Lucy to fetch some rope. Lucy ran and got a rope. Then Mom showed her how to tie a knot. Once they had threaded the rope through the belt and tied it up, Mom said the belt was now closed. Lucy was so happy and put on her new belt. It looked so beautiful and she was very proud. From then on, whenever Lucy saw someone else needing help, she always offered to help them close their belts.Mark was playing in the park. He ran around. He loved it. Then, he saw a big puddle. He smiled and excitedly ran to it. He splashed his feet in the water. It was fun. But then a bigger boy came along. He was very selfish. He wanted the puddle all to himself. The boy wanted Mark to go away. He said it was his puddle. Mark felt sad. But he knew it was not right for the selfish boy to take the puddle. So Mark got angry and he splashed lots of water at the boy. He made a big splash. The boy ran away. He was wet and grumpy. Mark smiled and watched the boy go. Then he played in the puddle again. He had fun. He knew it was his puddle now.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy who loved space. He had a big toy rocket ship that he played with every day. But one day, the rocket ship broke and Timmy was sad. Timmys mom asked him what was wrong, and he told her that his rocket ship was broken. She said, Dont worry, we can repair it together! Timmy was happy to hear that. So, they got some glue and fixed the rocket ship. Timmy was so happy that he wanted to show it to his friend Billy. But when they got to Billys house, Billy said that he didnt like space toys anymore. Timmy was sad again because he thought his rocket ship wasnt popular anymore. But then, Billy said, Actually, I still like space toys. Can I play with your rocket ship? Timmy was happy again and they played together. They even pretended to be astronauts on a mission to explore the galaxy. Timmy was so happy that his repaired rocket ship was popular again.Once upon a time, there was a princess who had a special jewel. It was very pretty and sparkly. One day, the jewel fell off her crown and got lost. The princess was very sad and didnt know what to do. A kind man found the jewel and gifted it back to the princess. She was very happy and thanked the man. The princess wanted to restore the jewel to her crown, so she took it to the jeweler. The jeweler was able to restore the jewel and put it back on the princesss crown. Now, the princess was very happy and wore her crown with the beautiful jewel everywhere she went. The end.Once upon a time, there was a small girl called Lucy. She was three years old and loved to explore the world around her. One day, Lucy was walking through the forest. The sun was shining brightly and she could feel the warmth of its light on her face. Suddenly, she heard something. âAhhhChoo!â, it said. Lucy looked around and saw a little creature hiding behind a bush. The creature sneezed again, âAhhhChoo!â Lucy giggled and said, âœBless you!â The little creature smiled back and revealed itself. It was a magical fairy! The fairy thanked Lucy, âœThank you, my dear. Now, I have a gift for you.â The fairy gave her a peaceful, shiny mirror. Lucy was so excited! She said her thank yous and ran away with the mirror. The magical mirror was lovely, with a golden frame. Every time Lucy looked in the mirror, it sparkled with happiness. She always looked forward to playing with it and seeing the sparkles it brought her. Lucy held onto the mirror tightly and walked away feeling peaceful and content.Once upon a time, there was a little ant. The ant was walking in the grass when it saw a big piece of candy. The ant was happy and said, I have found a yummy candy! Then, a little girl came and saw the ant. She wanted to play with it, but the ant was scared and said, Please dont hurt me, I want to be safe. The little girl picked up the candy and the ant and put them in her pocket. She went back to her house and showed her mom the candy and the ant. Her mom was not happy and said, We dont keep ants in the house, they can make us sick. The little girl was sad and said, But I want to keep it safe. The mom said, No, its not safe for us to have ants in the house. So, the little girl had to let the ant go outside. She put the ant on the ground and it ran away. The little girl was sad that she couldnt keep the ant safe, but she knew it was the right thing to do.Once upon a time there was a noisy trumpet. It was so loud that everybody around could hear it. The trumpet was included in a lot of fun things. One day some children wanted to try playing the trumpet. They wanted to know how it felt like to make such a noisy sound. So they got it and they start blowing it. The trumpet made a lot of loud noise but the children had so much fun. They laughed and laughed until their bellies hurt. And every time the children played the trumpet, the whole neighborhood smiled and danced along. Everyone loved the loud and noisy trumpet!Once upon a time, there was a little dog named Max. Max loved to play outside in the sun, but one day he got a thorn in his paw. Maxs owner took him to the veterinarian to get it out. Max was frightened at first, but the veterinarian was very nice and gentle. While Max was waiting to see the veterinarian, he peeked through the window and saw a cat getting a checkup. Meow! said the cat. Are you scared too? asked Max. Yes, I am, replied the cat. But the veterinarian is very kind and knows how to take care of us. After Max got his thorn removed, he felt much better. Thank you, veterinarian! said Max. Youre welcome, Max, said the veterinarian with a smile. Max and his owner left the animal hospital and Max was happy to be outside again, running and playing in the sunshine.Once upon a time, there was a loyal dog. His name was Max. Every morning, Max and his owner went on a journey. Max carried his owner on his back. Maxs owner loved spending time with him. Max was always excited to go on a new journey. They explored forests and fields. Above, the sky was blue and the sun was bright. Together, they made a special connection. One day, they were walking along the beach. As Max carried his owner, his paws were dragging in the sandy ground. Suddenly, both of them heard a bark. It was coming from a furry puppy. The puppy was lonely and scared. Maxs owner said, âœLetâs take him home with us.â So Max and his owner carried the puppy back home. Now the puppy had a happy home. Max and his owner were now a big happy family. Every day, they went on new journeys. They were loyal to each other and had lots of fun.Ben and Mia are twins. They go to the same school. They wear the same uniform. But Ben likes to play tricks. He likes to make fake things and hide them in Mias bag. One day, Ben makes a fake spider. It is big and black and scary. He puts it in Mias bag when she is not looking. He thinks it is funny. He waits for Mia to scream. But Mia does not scream. She finds the fake spider in her bag. She is not scared. She is angry. She knows Ben did it. She takes the fake spider and runs after Ben. She wants to make him say sorry. Ben sees Mia coming. He sees the fake spider in her hand. He is scared. He does not think it is funny anymore. He runs away from Mia. He does not want to say sorry. Mia chases Ben around the school. They run past the teacher. The teacher sees them. She sees the fake spider. She is not happy. She stops them. She asks them what they are doing. Ben and Mia look at the teacher. They look at each other. They look at the fake spider. They feel bad. They know they did something wrong. They say sorry to the teacher. They say sorry to each other. They hug and make up. The teacher smiles. She tells them to be nice to each other. She tells them to put away the fake spider. She tells them to go back to class. She tells them to wear their uniform with pride. She tells them to say please and thank you. Ben and Mia nod. They say please and thank you. They go back to class. They do not play tricks anymore. They are good twins.Once upon a time there was a little girl called Poppy who lived in a big, bright house. Every day she liked to go outside and play in the park. One day, when Poppy was exploring, she found a big, round rock. She wanted to take it home to show her family, so she picked it up. But Poppy was careless, and she didnt realise that the rock was very heavy. She couldnt carry it and it slipped out of her hands, making a loud noise. Poppy was worried, because she knew she had been careless. She decided to tell her parents what had happened. When they heard the story, they were so proud of their little girl. Poppy smiled, relieved that they were not angry. The family hugged Poppy and they all laughed together. Poppy realised that no matter how careless she was, her family still loved her very much.Once upon a time, there were two friends, Emily and Joe. Joe said to Emily, Lets pretend that we are going on a trip. Emily smiled. Ok! What should we bring with us? Lets take the toy luggage, said Joe. So Emily and Joe went to the playroom and grabbed the wide toy luggage. They pretended that each of them had their own suitcase and imagined a wonderful trip. They had so much fun that day!Once upon a time there was a boy. He wanted to hide something. He had a big box and it was ready. The boy opened the box and put something inside. He wanted to keep it safe. He looked around and found a lock. He put the lock on the box and it stayed closed. The box was now safe and the boy was happy. He made sure no one could open it. He was ready to keep his special thing safe. The boy was so happy and told everyone. He was so proud that he had found a way to hide his secret. And from that day on, the boy kept the box safe and never told anyone what was inside.Peggy and her mom were at the park. Peggy was so excited to be there! She saw a tall slide and began to run toward it. Woah, wait a minute, her mom said. Lets relax a bit first. Ok, Peggy said. She sat down on the grass and took a deep breath. Her stomach felt calm and relaxed. Look at that impressive tree over there! her mom said, pointing. Peggy looked up at the tree. It was big, and full of leaves. It was really impressive. Can we climb it? Peggy asked, jumping up and down. Maybe later, her mom said with a laugh. She patted Peggy on the head and said, Lets relax for now. We have lots of time to climb the tree later. Ok, Peggy said. She sat down next to her mom and watched the clouds float by. Relaxing felt really good.Anna is a daughter. She has a mom and a dad. She likes to play with her toys and her books. But sometimes she feels angry or sad. She does not know why. One day, she feels very angry. She throws her toys and her books on the floor. She yells and cries. Her mom and dad hear her. They come to her room. Anna, what is wrong? her mom asks. Why are you so angry? I dont know! Anna says. I just feel angry! Her dad hugs her. He says, Its okay to feel angry sometimes. But you cant hurt your toys or your books. They are your friends. And you cant yell or cry so loud. It hurts our ears. Im sorry, Anna says. She feels sorry for her toys and her books. She feels sorry for her mom and dad. Her mom says, Why dont we pick up your toys and your books together? Then we can read a story or sing a song. That might make you feel better. Anna nods. She helps her mom and dad pick up her toys and her books. She puts them back on her shelf and in her basket. She feels proud of herself. Her dad says, Now, lets choose a story or a song. What do you want? Anna thinks. She says, I want the story about the bunny and the carrot. Her mom smiles. She says, Thats a good choice. I like that story too. Her dad says, Me too. Lets sit on your bed and read it together. Anna, her mom, and her dad sit on her bed. Her mom holds the book. Her dad holds Anna. They read the story about the bunny and the carrot. Anna listens and laughs. She feels happy. She feels calm.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to paint pictures with her mommy. One day, Lily accidentally spilled paint on her dress. She was frightened that her mommy would be mad at her. Lilys mommy saw the paint on her dress and asked, What happened, sweetie? Lily said, I spilled paint on my dress. Im sorry. Mommy smiled and said, Its okay. Lets remove the paint from your dress. Together, they washed the dress and the paint came off. Lily was happy and continued painting with her mommy.Once upon a time, there lived a jolly little piggy. He loved to have fun and during the holidays, he loved to decorate his house with shiny and colorful decorations. One day, he decided to have a decorating party with all of his animal friends. They all brought gum and cupcakes to snack on while they decorated. The piggy found some pretty rainbow garlands to wrap around the windows and doors. He hung sparkly stars over the flower bed, and they all put up some colorful banners with streamers to celebrate. The most exciting decoration of all was the gum. The little piggy got some colorful pieces of gum and hung them around the house. The other animals helped, and soon the house was filled with bright and tasty decorations! The little piggy was so excited, and their party was very jolly indeed!Once there was a little boy, and he went out to play in the snow. The snow was very white and he wanted to choose something to do. He looked around and saw a lot of snow, but he couldnt decide what to do. Then he got an idea, he wanted to make a snowman. He gathered some of the white snow into a big pile, then he rolled it and patted it until it was the right size for a snowman. He started looking for some things to decorate it when his mom came out and said, âœWhat are you doing?â The little boy smiled and said, âœMom, Im making a snowman. Im choosing what to put on it.â His mom smiled and said, âœThats a great idea! Lets choose some things together.â The little boy and his mom had so much fun choosing the right things to put on the snowman. When they were done, the snowman looked so happy and festive, with his little hat and scarf and his big white buttons. The little boy smiled at the snowman and said, âœWe chose a great snowman!âOnce upon a time, there was a big party. Lots of kids came to play and eat. The mom had meat for everyone to try. She cut it into small parts so everyone could have some. The kids were very happy and organized themselves into groups to play games. They played hide and seek, tag, and duck, duck, goose. When it was time to eat, they sat down at the table and the mom gave them each a part of meat. After they ate, the kids played some more until it was time to go home. They all said goodbye and thanked the mom for the yummy meat. They had a great time at the party and couldnt wait for the next one. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his toys, but he also loved to go on adventures. One day, Timmy went to the store with his mom. He saw a toy he really wanted, but he didnt know the price. Mommy, how much does this toy use? Timmy asked. It costs ten dollars, his mom replied. Timmy didnt have ten dollars, but he really wanted the toy. Can we go on an adventurous treasure hunt to find the money? he asked his mom. His mom smiled. Sure, lets go on an adventure to find the money for the toy. So, Timmy and his mom went on a treasure hunt. They searched high and low until they found a shiny coin on the ground. It was worth ten dollars! Timmy was so happy that he could finally buy the toy he wanted. Thank you, Mommy, for going on an adventurous treasure hunt with me, Timmy said. Youre welcome, Timmy. Im glad we found the money for your toy, his mom replied with a smile.Lily and Ben were playing in the kitchen. They liked to pretend they were chefs and make yummy food. They used pots and pans and spoons and bowls. They also used some real food from the fridge, like cheese and eggs and bread. Lets make a cake! said Lily. We need flour and sugar and butter and milk. OK! said Ben. I will get the flour and sugar. You get the butter and milk. They opened the fridge and looked for the butter and milk. But they could not find them. They only saw some green stuff and some smelly stuff and some hard stuff. Where is the butter and milk? asked Lily. I dont know, said Ben. Maybe they are in the freezer. They opened the freezer and saw some ice and some snow and some frozen food. They also saw a big tub of ice cream. Look! said Ben. Ice cream! Lets use that instead of butter and milk. It is soft and sweet and cold. Good idea! said Lily. Lets take it out and put it in the bowl. They took out the ice cream and put it in the bowl. They added some flour and sugar and mixed them with a spoon. They thought they made a good cake batter. Lets bake it in the oven! said Lily. OK! said Ben. But we have to be careful. The oven is hot and can burn us. They turned on the oven and put the bowl inside. They waited for a few minutes. They smelled something funny. What is that smell? asked Lily. I dont know, said Ben. Lets check the cake. They opened the oven and saw the bowl. The ice cream had melted and the flour and sugar had burned. The cake looked bad and smelled worse. Yuck! said Lily. That is not a cake. That is a mess. They frowned and felt sad. They had wasted the ice cream and the flour and the sugar. They had made a bad cake. They heard a voice behind them. What are you doing, kids? asked Mom. They turned around and saw Mom. She looked at the bowl and the oven and the fridge and the freezer. She looked at their faces and their clothes and their hands. She looked angry. We were trying to make a cake, said Lily. But we could not find the butter and milk, said Ben. So we used ice cream instead, said Lily. But it did not work, said Ben. Mom sighed and shook her head. She was not happy. She did not like the mess they had made. She did not like the waste they had done. She did not like the danger they had faced. Kids, you should not play with the oven and the freezer and the food, she said. You could have hurt yourselves or spoiled the food or started a fire. You should ask me before you use anything in the kitchen. You should follow a recipe if you want to make a cake. You should not make up your own. She took out the bowl and threw away the mess. She cleaned the oven and the fridge and the freezer. She washed their faces and their clothes and their hands. She was not happy. Lily and Ben felt sorry. They knew they had done something wrong. They wanted to make Mom happy. They wanted to make a good cake. Mom, we are sorry, said Lily. Can we try again? asked Ben. Mom looked at them and smiled a little. She was not angry anymore. She loved them. She wanted to teach them. OK, kids, she said. You can try again. But this time, you have to listen to me and do what I say. I will show you how to make a real cake. A cake that is soft and sweet and good. A cake that we can all enjoy. Yay! said Lily and Ben. They hugged Mom and thanked her. They were happy. They followed Mom and helped her make a real cake. They used the right ingredients and the right tools and the right steps. They baked the cake and decorated it with frosting and sprinkles. They waited for it to cool and then cut a slice for each of them. They tasted the cake and smiled. It was delicious. It was the best cake ever. They shared the cake with Mom and Dad and each other. They laughed and talked and had fun. They were happy. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with marbles. He had a big bag of marbles that he would play with every day. One day, Timmys mom suggested that he clean his marbles. Timmy didnt want to clean his marbles because he thought it was boring. But his mom said that it was important to keep his marbles clean so that they would last a long time. So, Timmy took out all of his marbles and cleaned them one by one. When he was finished, his marbles looked shiny and new again. Timmy was happy that he listened to his moms suggestion and cleaned his marbles.Lily and Ben were twins who liked to play outside. They had a big yard with a swing, a slide and a sandbox. They also had a dog named Spot who was very friendly and liked to chase balls. One day, Lily and Ben decided to make a cake with sand and water. They used a bucket, a spoon and some leaves and flowers. They worked very hard and made a big cake. They were very proud of their cake and wanted to show it to their mom. But their mom was busy in the kitchen. She was making dinner for the family. She told Lily and Ben to come inside when the sun went down. She said they had to wash their hands and face before eating. She said dinner was delicious and they would love it. Lily and Ben did not listen to their mom. They wanted to play more with their cake and Spot. They did not see the sun go down. They did not hear their mom call them. They did not smell the dinner. When their mom came outside, she was very angry. She saw Lily and Ben covered in sand and dirt. She saw their cake and Spot. She said they were naughty and did not obey. She said they had to punish them. She said they had to go to bed without dinner. She said they had to clean their cake and Spot tomorrow. Lily and Ben were very sad. They said they were sorry and they loved their mom. They said they wanted to eat dinner and hug their mom. They said they did not mean to be naughty. They said they just wanted to have fun. Their mom was still angry, but she also loved them. She said they had to learn to listen and follow the rules. She said they could have dinner tomorrow and hug her then. She said she hoped they would be good and not make trouble again. Lily and Ben went to bed without dinner. They were hungry and sorry. They hugged each other and Spot. They looked at the sky and saw the stars. They wished they could see the sunset. They hoped their mom would forgive them. They fell asleep and dreamed of delicious cake.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to climb on things, especially ladders. One day, Timmy found a ladder that was very tall. He climbed up and up until he reached the top. Timmy felt very proud that he had climbed so high. But then, Timmy started to worry. He looked down and saw how far he had climbed. He realized that he didnt know how to get back down. Timmy felt scared and didnt know what to do. Luckily, Timmys dad came and helped him down the ladder. He told Timmy that its okay to try new things, but its important to be careful and not take unnecessary risks. Timmy learned that sometimes things may seem perfect, but its important to think about the consequences and be safe.Once there was a little girl. She was so excited to play with her toys. She grabbed a special toy that was yellow, and it was all hers. She looked at it carefully. She was then very careful when she opened the toy box. Inside were two special scissors. She picked up the scissors, and knew exactly what to do. She began to cut the yellow toy carefully. When she finished, she was so proud. She had made something just for herself. It was all hers, and she called it mine. The little girl felt so special. She was so happy to play with her new toy that she had cut by herself. It was hers, and she was careful when she made it.Sara and Tom are playing in the kitchen. They see a big yellow box on the floor. It is a new freezer for Mom and Dad. Sara and Tom want to help. They open the box and find the freezer inside. Lets load the freezer with food! Sara says. She runs to the fridge and takes out some cheese and eggs. Tom follows her and grabs some milk and juice. They carry the food to the freezer and put it inside. They are happy. They think they are doing a good job. But then Mom comes in. She sees the food in the freezer and gasps. Oh no! What have you done? she says. This food is not for the freezer. It will go bad. You have to take it out right now! Sara and Tom are confused. They do not understand. They thought they were helping. They look at Mom with sad eyes. Sorry, Mom, Sara says. We wanted to load the freezer for you. Mom sighs. She is not angry, but she is worried. She hugs Sara and Tom. I know you wanted to help, but you have to ask me first. Some food can go in the freezer, but some food cannot. Come, I will show you. She takes Sara and Tom to the fridge and the freezer. She explains what food can go where. She lets them help her put the food back in the right place. She thanks them for their help. Sara and Tom are glad. They learned something new. They still like the yellow freezer. They hope Mom and Dad will like it too.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play sport. He played every day with his friends. One day, they found a huge problem. They couldnt find their ball! They looked everywhere but they couldnt find it. Timmy had an idea. He said, Lets solve this problem together! They all searched and searched until Timmy found the ball under a big rock. They were so happy and played sport again. From that day on, Timmy and his friends knew that if they had a problem, they could solve it together. And they never lost their ball again!Once there was a little girl. She was so glad to see her new toy. It was a bright pink top that she could spin. She tried to spin it as fast as she could. She was so happy. But then, the top spun off the table and it broke. She was sad and no longer glad. Her toy was all broken and she could not spin it anymore. The little girl was so sad that she started to cry. She could not believe that her toy was gone and that she could no longer spin it. The little girl tried to fix her toy. But no matter what she did, it stayed broken. She was so sad that she never wanted to try spinning again.Once upon a time, a lady was very excited to go on a walk in the park. She put on her pretty dress and went outside. She saw a bird and wanted to show it to her friends. But as she walked, she fell and hurt her head. She cried out for help, but no one heard her. Sadly, she never got to show her friends the bird and had to go home with a big bump on her head.Lily loves to help her mom in the kitchen. She likes to stir the soup, cut the bread and set the table. She feels happy when her mom says she is a good helper. One day, mom makes a delicious cake for dads birthday. It is chocolate with cream and strawberries. Lily helps mom put the cake on a big tray. She also helps mom decorate the cake with candles and sprinkles. Can I taste the cake, mom? Lily asks. Not yet, sweetie. We have to wait for dad to come home. He will be very surprised and happy to see the cake, mom says. Lily nods. She cant wait to see dads face and share the cake with him. She loves her dad very much. She loves her mom too. And she loves the delicious cake on the tray.Once upon a time, Farmer Joe had a big bucket full of food. He had to feed all of his animals, so every day he would go out to the barn. One day, Farmer Joe noticed that there was a troubled little bunny in the barn. When Farmer Joe approached the bunny, it began to hop away. Farmer Joe knew that the bunny needed help and he had just the thing food! He reached down, picked up his bucket, and started to feed the bunny. The bunny was so excited that it began to nibble the food right out of Farmer Joes hands. It ate and ate until it was full. The bunny was so happy and grateful, it hopped around Farmer Joes feet joyfully. Farmer Joe laughed and said to the bunny, âœIâm glad I could help feed you.â The bunny smiled up at Farmer Joe and said, âœThank you!âOnce upon a time, there was a kind farmer who had a big cow. One day, the cow saw a little bird stuck in a tree. The cow said, Oh no, little birdie! I will help you! The cow rushed over to the tree and used her big nose to push the birdie out of the tree. The little birdie said, Thank you, generous cow! You saved me! The cow replied, No problem, little birdie. I am happy to help. And they became friends forever.Once upon a time, there was a big, pale duck. He lived near a small lake. He had many friends, but he liked to play a game. The game was called guess. Duck would think of something, and his friends had to guess what it was. One day, Duck found a big box near the lake. He had an idea. He would use the box for his game. He told his friends to guess what was inside the box. They all tried to guess, but no one knew what it was. Duck opened the box, and out came a big, shiny ball. All the friends were happy to see the ball. They played with the ball near the lake all day long. Now, every time Duck played the guess game, his friends would remember the big, shiny ball and the fun they had that day.Once upon a time, there were two best friends named Tom and John. Tom went to Johns house and saw that he was sad. Tom asked, Whats wrong? John replied, My pet fish, Fuzzy, died. Tom said, Im sorry. He hugged John and said, Lets share a thread of sadness together. John was thankful and said, Yes, thank you. The two friends held hands and shared their sadness. Suddenly Fuzzys dead body started to move and he was alive again! John and Tom jumped with joy and they said, Lets share a thread of happiness together! They laughed, hugged each other and celebrated Fuzzys return.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim loved cookies. One day, he saw a big cookie on the table. It was so big and yummy. Tim was very happy. Tims mommy said, Tim, please bring the cookie to your sister, Amy. She is not feeling well. Tim picked up the cookie and walked to Amys room. He was a good boy and wanted to help his sister feel better. When Tim gave the cookie to Amy, she took a bite and made a terrible face. Yuck! This cookie is terrible! said Amy. Tim felt sad. But then, Tims mommy came in with a new cookie. She said, Im sorry, that was the wrong cookie. Here is a yummy cookie for you both to share. Tim and Amy smiled and enjoyed the yummy cookie together.Once upon a time, there was a mysterious avocado. This avocado was very special. It could talk and walk. One day, the avocado met a tomato. They became good friends. They played and laughed together every day. After a while, the avocado and the tomato fell in love. They decided to marry each other. All their friends, like the apple and the carrot, came to their wedding. Everyone was happy and excited. The avocado and the tomato lived happily ever after. They had many adventures together. They were the best of friends and loved each other very much. And the mysterious avocado was not so mysterious anymore, because it had found a true friend in the tomato.Mummy was pushing the pram down the street. Inside was the little girl, chatting away happily. Suddenly, Mummy stopped and picked up a white envelope from the ground. She looked inside and smiled. Inside was a sweet letter from Grandma. Mummy hugged the envelope and urged the little girl to read it. She carefully opened the envelope and read what it said. It said that Grandma was coming to visit soon and she was very excited. The little girl smiled. She couldnt wait for Grandma to come and give her lots of sweet hugs. She begged Mummy to hurry and find Grandma so she could come and see her. Mummy smiled and said that Grandma was on her way. The little girls face lit up with excitement. She knew that Grandma was going to arrive soon and she couldnt wait to give her a big, sweet hug.Once upon a time, there was a mommy and a daddy who loved to have dinner together. They always had a special drink called wine that they would keep in a bottle. One day, they ran out of their special wine and had to go to the store to buy some more. At the store, they saw many different kinds of wine, but they wanted an ordinary one that they always had. They found it and bought it. When they got home, they put the wine bottle in a safe place and kept it there until dinner time. During dinner, mommy and daddy shared the wine and talked about their day. They were happy to have their ordinary wine and enjoyed their time together. After dinner, they cleaned up and went to bed, ready for another day. The end.Billy and his mommy were walking in the park. The sunny sky was blue and the birds were singing. Billy wanted to reach the mark on the ground. He pointed to it and said, Mommy, I want to reach it! Mommy smiled and said, Sure you can, Billy. Billy started running and jumping. He looked so excited to reach that mark. He tried many times but all his efforts seemed too dull. He stopped and was feeling so disappointed. Mommy came to him and said, Its alright, Billy. Reach out your hands, I will help you. She kneeled down and asked Billy to give her his hands. With her help, they both reached the mark. Billy was so happy and said, Mommy, thank you! She kissed him and said, You can do anything, Billy.Anna and Ben love to go to the park with their grandma. Grandma is elderly, but she likes to play with them and push them on the swings. Sometimes she tells them stories about when she was a little girl. One day, they went to the park and saw a big boot on the grass. It was brown and dirty and had holes in it. Anna and Ben wondered who left it there and why. They decided to make up a story about the boot. Anna said, Maybe it belongs to a giant who lives in the woods. He was walking to the park to have a picnic, but he stepped on a thorn and it hurt his foot. He took off his boot and threw it away, but he forgot to take his sandwich with him. Ben said, Or maybe it belongs to a pirate who sailed to the park on his ship. He was looking for treasure, but he found a snake instead. He kicked the snake with his boot, but the snake bit his leg. He ran away and left his boot and his map behind. Grandma listened to their stories and smiled. She said, You have very good imaginations, my dears. But I think I know the real story of the boot. It belongs to Mr. Jones, the gardener. He works very hard to keep the park clean and beautiful. He has a pair of old boots that he wears when he mows the grass and digs the soil. He must have taken them off to rest his feet and forgot to put them back on. He will be looking for them soon. Anna and Ben looked at the boot and nodded. They thought that was a nice story too. They decided to leave the boot where it was, so Mr. Jones could find it. They thanked grandma for taking them to the park and gave her a hug. They had a lot of fun and learned a lot of new words.Sara liked to sign. She learned how to sign from her mom, who was deaf. Sara could talk and hear, but she also liked to use her hands to say things. She signed to her mom, her dad, her friends, and her toys. One day, Sara went to school. She had a new teacher, Miss Lee. Miss Lee was nice, but she did not know how to sign. Sara wanted to tell Miss Lee her name, but Miss Lee did not understand. Sara felt sad and shy. Miss Lee saw that Sara was sad and shy. She wanted to help Sara feel happy and welcome. She asked Sara to come to her desk. Sara walked to the desk. Miss Lee smiled and pointed to a pink paper. On the paper, there were letters and pictures. Miss Lee said, This is your name tag. You can write your name here and stick it on your shirt. Then everyone will know your name. Sara looked at the paper. She saw the letters S, A, R, and A. She knew how to write them. She also saw a picture of a hand. She knew what that meant. She smiled and nodded. She took a crayon and wrote her name on the paper. Then she drew a hand next to her name. She stuck the paper on her shirt. Miss Lee looked at Saras name tag. She saw the hand. She guessed what it meant. She said, Sara, do you sign? Sara nodded and signed, Yes, I sign. Do you sign? Miss Lee shook her head and signed, No, I dont sign. But I want to learn. Can you teach me? Sara nodded and signed, Yes, I can teach you. I like to sign. It is fun. Miss Lee smiled and signed, Thank you, Sara. You are very smart and kind. I am happy to have you in my class. Sara smiled and signed, Thank you, Miss Lee. You are very nice and friendly. I am happy to be in your class. They hugged and became friends.Once upon a time there were two friends. One was a gray bird and the other was a little rabbit. The rabbit had a plan. She wanted to make a spear. She hoped to use it to catch some tasty bugs. So the little rabbit and the gray bird worked together and they made a spear from sticks and rocks. They were so proud! But then, the gray bird had a bad idea. He decided to use the spear to catch a big, fierce dragon! The rabbit knew it was bad but the bird wouldnt listen. So, the rabbit and the gray bird flew to the dragons cave. The dragon was so angry! He shouted and roared and chased the bird and the rabbit away. They were so scared! But the dragon was too fast. He caught the gray bird, and the little rabbit had to fly away alone. The bad ending wasnt what the rabbit had planned at all.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to explore and learn new things. One day, she went to visit her grandma who gave her a new backpack with a shiny zip. Lily was so excited to use it! As she walked through the park, she met a nosy squirrel who wanted to see what was inside her backpack. Lily showed the squirrel all the things she had learned about, like different types of flowers and bugs. The squirrel was amazed and thanked Lily for sharing her knowledge. From that day on, Lily always carried her backpack with the shiny zip wherever she went. She loved to learn new things and share them with her friends, even if they were nosy like the squirrel.Lily and Tom were twins who liked to act. They had a big box of costumes and toys that they used to pretend to be different people and animals. One day, they saw a package on the table. It was wrapped in shiny paper and had a bow on top. Wow, look at that! Lily said. Do you think it is for us? Maybe, Tom said. Lets open it and see. They ran to the table and grabbed the package. They tore off the paper and opened the box. Inside, they found a book, a puzzle, and a teddy bear. Wow, these are nice! Lily said. I want the teddy bear. No, I want it! Tom said. You can have the book. They started to fight over the teddy bear. They pulled and tugged and shouted. They did not hear their mom coming into the room. Hey, what are you doing? Mom said. That package is not for you. It is for your cousin Jake. He is coming to visit tomorrow. You are being very naughty! Lily and Tom stopped fighting. They looked at their mom with guilty faces. They felt bad for opening the package. We are sorry, Mom, Lily said. We were just acting, Tom said. Mom shook her head. She was not happy. She took the package and the toys from them. You need to learn to respect other peoples things, she said. You cant just open packages that are not yours. That is rude and selfish. You need to say sorry to Jake when he comes. And no more acting for today. You need to go to your room and think about what you did. Lily and Tom nodded. They knew they had done wrong. They followed their mom to their room. They wished they had not opened the package. They hoped Jake would forgive them. They learned their lesson.Once upon a time, there was a loyal dog named Max. Max loved to play with his best friend, a little girl named Lily. They lived in a big house with a pretty garden. One sunny day, they saw a beautiful butterfly in the garden. Max, bring the butterfly to me! said Lily. Max tried to catch the butterfly, but it flew away. They chased the butterfly all around the garden. The butterfly was very fast, and Max and Lily laughed as they ran. Finally, the butterfly landed on a big flower. Max and Lily stopped running and looked at it. Wow, its so pretty! said Lily. Max wagged his tail, happy to see the butterfly up close. They decided to let the butterfly stay in the garden, and Max and Lily went back to their house to play some more.Lily and Tom were friends. They liked to play with toys and books. One day, Lily saw a big case in Toms room. It was red and shiny. Lily wanted to see what was inside. Can I open your case, Tom? Lily asked. No, Lily. That is my case. It is not for you. It is a secret, Tom said. Lily felt sad. She wanted to know the secret. She waited until Tom went to the bathroom. Then she ran to the case and opened it. Inside, she saw a lot of candy. It was colorful and sweet. Lily smiled. She took some candy and put it in her mouth. But the candy was not sweet. It was sour. It made Lilys mouth hurt. She spit out the candy and cried. It was a bad candy. Tom had tricked her. He had put sour candy in his case. Tom heard Lily cry. He came back to his room. He saw Lily with the candy and the open case. He was angry. Lily, you are bad! You opened my case! You ate my candy! That was my candy! It was a joke! You are not my friend! Tom shouted. Lily felt sorry. She wanted to say sorry. She wanted to hug Tom. But Tom did not want to hug Lily. He pushed her away. He took his case and left. He did not play with Lily anymore. Lily was alone. She had no candy and no friend. She was sad. It was a bad day.One day, a nosy little dog named Max went for a walk. He saw a big red gear in the park. Max was very curious about the gear, so he went closer to look at it. The gear was shiny and had many small parts. Max thought it was fun to play with. Later, Max saw a girl named Lily. Lily was trying to feed her pet bird, Tweet. Tweet was a small, yellow bird who loved to eat seeds. Max wanted to help Lily feed the bird, so he wagged his tail and barked happily. Lily smiled and let Max help her. Max and Lily had fun feeding Tweet. They laughed as Tweet chirped and ate the seeds. After they finished, Max and Lily played with the big red gear together. They rolled it around the park and had a great time. At the end of the day, Max and Lily became good friends.George was embarrassed. He was at a big stadium where lots of people were watching him. Everyone was very popular. George had never been to a stadium before. He saw the people cheering and clapping. He was so embarrassed he couldnât look up. George heard a loud voice. It was the crowd shouting, âœGeorge, George, George!â He felt his cheeks turning red. He wanted to hide and not be seen, but it was too late. Then something amazing happened. George was given a medal and everyone was shouting his name. He was so embarrassed, but also so happy! He waved to the crowd with a huge smile and cheered. He felt like a very special person.Jim was in the garden with his Grandma. He liked spending time with her there. They looked at the flowers and the trees. Jim saw a big prune tree. He loved seeing the trees in the garden. Jim asked if he could pick one of the prunes. Grandma said yes, so Jim carefully climbed the tree. He looked at all the prunes and found the biggest one. He carefully picked it and climbed back down. Jim was feeling very proud of himself. Grandma looked at him with a smile and gave him a big hug. It felt so calm and peaceful just being in the garden with Grandma. They spent the rest of the morning talking and enjoying being in the sunshine.Once upon a time, there was a small boy named Ben. Ben wanted to go outside and play, but he was missing something. He needed a jacket! He asked his mom if he could borrow one, but she was too busy cleaning the house. So, Ben decided to ask his big sister, Sara. Ben asked, Sara, can I lend your jacket? Sara was a bit impatient with Ben, but she still said, Yes, you can. But only for a little while. Ben was so happy! He put on the jacket and went outside to play. He had lots of fun playing in the park and picking flowers. When Ben finally got home, he handed the jacket back to his big sister Sara and thanked her for lending it to him. Sara said, Youre welcome, Ben!Sam laid on the grass and looked up at the sky. It was a beautiful, orange sky! Sam noticed something small flying around. It was a tiny butterfly with orange and black wings. The butterfly flew down and landed on a patch of oats. Sam sat up and smiled. He saw the butterfly open its wings, flutter around and lay on the oats. Sam laughed, he thought the butterfly was so happy! The butterfly flapped its wings again and flew away. Sam was sad to see it go, he shouted goodbye! He lay back on the grass and waited for it to come back.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Jenny and she had a tire. She liked to bounce and roll it around the garden. One day, she rolled it too fast and it went away from her! She watched as it rolled further away until it stopped. Jenny was scared but she knew she had to get it back. She chased after the tire but it was impossible for her to catch it. She looked around and found some help from a big animal. It was a horse! The horse was nice and it offered to help her. The horse galloped after the tire and soon Jenny saw it stop. The tire was very fragile and the horse was careful not to break it. Jenny was relieved and thanked the horse. She grabbed the tire and the horse gave her a ride back home. That night, Jenny hugged her tire and said thank you. She had learned an important lesson never surrender when it comes to something you love.Once upon a time there was a big man. He had a big mustache and he was nice. His name was Joe. Joe liked to go for long walks. He liked to stop and look at the birds and the trees. Joe remembered when he was a child, he used to love to explore. He would run around and try to find new things and new places. He would get so excited and be so full of adventure. Joe never forgot his big mustache. He always kept it nice and neat. Everyone told him it looked nice on him and he liked it very much. One day, Joe went for a walk in the park. He remembered the things he used to explore when he was a child. He thought about the adventure he had as a little boy and smiled. Joe put his hands on his big mustache and kept walking. Whenever he felt like smiling, he remember his big mustache.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy liked to play with his toys all day long. One day, Timmy found a hard pipe in his backyard. He picked it up and started to play with it. Suddenly, the pipe got very hot and started to burn Timmys hand. Timmy cried out in pain and dropped the pipe. His mom came running outside to see what happened. She saw that Timmys hand was burned and took him to the doctor. From that day on, Timmy knew to be careful with hot things like the burning pipe.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved flowers and had a pretty vase in her room. One day, her mom asked her to wash the vase. Lily didnt want to do it because she was feeling grumpy. But her mom said it was important to keep the vase clean so the flowers would stay healthy. Lily took the vase to the sink and used soap and water to wash it. It was hard work, but she did it all by herself. When she was finished, she felt proud of herself for doing a good job. Later that day, Lilys mom brought home some beautiful flowers and put them in the vase. Lily smiled and felt happy. She realized that washing the vase was worth it because it made her room look pretty and made her feel good inside.Lily and Ben were friends. They liked to play with toys and books. One day, they found a new book in the library. It had many pictures and words. Lily said, This book looks interesting. What is its name? Ben looked at the cover and read, The Magic Juice. He said, Lets read it. Maybe it has a fun story. They opened the book and saw a big bottle of juice on the first page. The juice was red and sparkly. It had a label that said, Drink me and you will see wonders. Lily and Ben were curious. They wanted to see wonders. They looked around and saw no one. They decided to try the juice. They each took a sip from the bottle. It tasted sweet and sour. They felt a tingling in their mouths. They waited for something to happen. But nothing happened. They felt disappointed. They said, This juice is not magic. It is boring. They turned the page and saw a big warning. It said, Do not drink the juice. It is poison. It will make you sick and sleepy. It will make you forget everything. It is too late to stop it. Goodbye. Lily and Ben felt scared. They felt their heads hurt and their eyes close. They tried to call for help, but no one heard them. They fell asleep on the floor. They never woke up. The book was not interesting. It was evil. The end.Once upon a time there was a boy named Sam. Sam was happy and loved to play. One day Sams mom wanted to introduce him to a spider. He was a little scared, but his mom said the spider was harmless. So, Sam sat and watched the spider. He was a funny looking creature with lots of legs and a scrunchedup face. But, as he watched, he felt more and more comfortable. He even started to smile and laugh. Sams mom said it was time to go and said goodbye to the spider. Surprisingly, the spider waved goodbye! Sam was so amazed that he was even more curious to come back. The next day, Sam returned with his mom to say hello to the spider again. He was excited to see the spider, but he was surprised to see that it was different. Its face was bigger and there were now two spiders! Sam was curious and asked why there were now two spiders. His mom explained that the little spider was the spiderâs baby. They had multiplied! Sam was amazed and thought it was the coolest thing ever. He had come to understand that the harmless spider he had first introduced to was now a family!Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. He had a small dog called Spot. They loved to walk together. Tim would put a leash on Spot and they would walk to the park. One day, while they were walking, they met a big dog. The big dog was angry. It barked loudly at Tim and Spot. Spot was scared, but Tim was brave. He held the leash tight and told the angry dog to go away. The angry dog walked away. Tim and Spot were safe. They continued their walk to the park. They played and had fun. Tim and Spot were happy, and they walked home together.Once upon a time there was a special lady. She decided to create something special. So she took a dry piece of cloth and cut it into the shape of an apron. She grabbed a needle and thread and started to sew. When she was finished, she had made a beautiful apron. She put it on and twirled around so everyone could see it. She felt so proud of her creation. She showed it off to all of her friends and they all said how wonderful it looked. Everyone wanted an apron like hers. The lady was so excited she decided to make more aprons. She spent all day creating more and more aprons in different colors and patterns. In the end, she had made lots of beautiful aprons and everyone was delighted with them. The lady was so proud of her creations. The End.Once upon a time, there was a lazy little dog. His name was Bob. Bob was very friendly, but he was so lazy he never wanted to do anything. One day, Bob wanted to watch his favorite cartoon. He grabbed the remote and turned on the television. Bob laid down on the couch and said, This is going to be great! Then he started to watch the cartoon. Suddenly, Bob heard a voice behind him. It was his mom. She said, Bob, why are you being so lazy? Bob answered with a grin, Mom, I am just watching my cartoon. Its really fun! His mom smiled and said, Well, I guess its ok if you want to watch cartoons, but dont be too lazy, ok? Bob replied, Ok mom, I wont be lazy! I promise! And he continued to watch his favorite cartoon.Once upon a time, there was a princess who wanted to marry a prince. She looked all around her kingdom, but she couldnt find the right prince. One day, she saw a handsome prince in the traffic. She knew he was the one she wanted to marry. The princess went to the prince and asked him to marry her. He said yes, and they had a big wedding. The wedding was so tight that everyone had to squeeze together to fit in the castle. But it was a happy day for everyone, and the princess and prince lived happily ever after.Lily and Max were playing in the park. They liked to slide, swing and run. But Max was not careful. He tripped on a rock and fell down. He hurt his knee and it was bleeding. Ow, ow, ow! Max cried. It hurts! Lily ran to him and hugged him. She saw his knee and said, You need a bandage. A bandage will make it better. She looked around and saw a lady with a bag. She ran to her and asked, Please, can you help? My friend needs a bandage. He has a booboo. The lady smiled and said, Of course, I can help. I have some bandages in my bag. What color do you want? Lily looked at Max and said, What color do you want, Max? Max thought for a moment and said, I want green. Green is my favorite color. The lady nodded and said, Okay, here is a green bandage. Let me put it on your knee. There, does it feel better? Max looked at his knee and saw the green bandage. He smiled and said, Yes, it feels better. Thank you, lady. And thank you, Lily. You are a good friend. Lily smiled and said, You are welcome, Max. I am glad you are okay. Do you want to play some more? Max nodded and said, Yes, I want to play some more. But lets be careful. I dont want another booboo. They hugged the lady and said goodbye. Then they went back to the playground and played some more. They had fun and they were happy.Anna and Ben are friends. They like to play together. One day, they see a big bus on the street. The bus is yellow and has many windows. Look, Anna, a bus! Ben says. Do you want to ride the bus? Yes, Ben, I want to ride the bus! Anna says. Maybe the bus can take us to the park or the zoo! They run to the bus stop and wait for the bus. The bus comes and stops. The door opens and a nice lady smiles at them. Hello, children, do you want to ride the bus? the lady says. She is the bus driver. She is compassionate. She likes to help people. Yes, please, we want to ride the bus! Anna and Ben say. They climb on the bus and find two seats. They are happy. The bus starts to move. It goes fast and makes a loud noise. Anna and Ben look out the window and see many things. They see cars, trees, houses, and birds. Look, Ben, a bird! Anna says. The bird can fly! I wish I could fly! Me too, Anna, I wish I could fly! Ben says. Maybe we can fly someday! They imagine they have wings and can fly in the sky. They pretend they are birds and make bird sounds. They have fun. The bus driver hears them and smiles. She thinks they are cute and smart. She decides to make a surprise for them. She turns the bus to a special place. She stops the bus and says Children, I have a surprise for you. Do you want to see something amazing? Yes, please, we want to see something amazing! Anna and Ben say. They are curious. The bus driver opens the door and says Come with me, children, and follow me. I will show you something that can fly! Anna and Ben follow the bus driver. They are excited. They see a big field with many colorful things. The things are balloons. The balloons are big and have baskets. The baskets have people and fire. Look, children, these are hot air balloons! the bus driver says. They can fly in the sky with the wind and the fire! Wow, hot air balloons! Anna and Ben say. They are amazed. Do you want to ride a hot air balloon? the bus driver says. She is generous. She likes to make children happy. Yes, please, we want to ride a hot air balloon! Anna and Ben say. They are thrilled. The bus driver takes them to a hot air balloon. She helps them get in the basket. She talks to the balloon pilot. The balloon pilot is friendly. He likes to fly. Hello, children, I am the balloon pilot. I will take you for a ride in the sky. Are you ready? the balloon pilot says. Yes, we are ready! Anna and Ben say. They are eager. The balloon pilot turns on the fire. The fire makes the balloon bigger and lighter. The balloon starts to rise. The balloon flies in the sky. Anna and Ben are amazed. They see the bus, the field, the trees, the houses, and the birds from above. They feel the wind and the sun. They laugh and clap. We are flying, we are flying! Anna and Ben say. They are happy. They thank the bus driver and the balloon pilot. They are grateful. They have a wonderful day. They are friends. They like to play together.Once there was a bad man. He wanted to steal something. He went to the store and saw a beautiful toy. He was very happy. He only had to pay a small price for the toy.He took the toy and ran away. He was so happy that he laughed and laughed. But then he was caught. The police saw him and took him away. They were mad and told him he had to pay. The bad man was very scared. He had no money and the price was very big. In the end, the bad man was dead. He did not live to see the toy again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl called Emma. She wanted to borrow a motor from her Grandma. So one day she decided to ask, Can I borrow a motor, Grandma?. Grandma said, Of course you can, Emma. She then showed her a pink motor. It was very pretty, and Emma was excited. Grandma said, You can borrow this pink motor. Here are the keys! Emma was very happy and thanked Grandma. She carefully drove the pink motor to the park. There, she had lots of fun. When it was time to go home, Emma returned the pink motor to Grandma. Grandma gave her a big hug and said, Im so glad you enjoyed it! The End.Samson was happy to go to the park with his mummy and daddy. He saw the park had lots of trees and a big pond. He was so excited. He jumped in the pond, splashing everyone with water. His daddy shook his head and said, âœSamson, we regret that you decided to do that. Why didnât you think first?â Samson felt an urge to be good and apologised. âœSorry, Daddy,â he said. His mummy smiled and said, âœIts alright, Samson. I understand your impatience. As long as you learn from this, mummy and daddy will always be compassionate.â Samson smiled, happy that his mummy and daddy were still so kind. He promised to think before he acted in future.Once upon a time, there was an ancient tool. All the people in the village loved it, and talked about how useful it was. But one day, an old man came to the village. He said, âœI can make this tool better.â The villagers asked him to try, and he said âœYesâ. So the old man worked on the tool, and soon it started to look different. Everyone was excited and talked about how better it would be. But when the old man was finished, the tool did not work properly anymore. The villagers were sad and angry, and they blamed the old man. They shouted at him and told him to leave the village. The moral of the story is this donât change something if you donât know what youâre doing. Stick with what works, because if you donât, it can have a bad ending.Once upon a time, there was a little girl who loved food. Every day, she would use her spoon and fork to eat all kinds of delicious food. Her mom would cook the most amazing dishes and the little girl could not get enough of it. One day, the little girl decided to be crazy and not use her spoon and fork. Instead, she used her hands to eat her food. She thought it was great fun and she loved how she felt like a giant! But then all of a sudden the little girl started to feel sick. Her tummy was grumbling, and her head was feeling funny. She knew she had used her hands too much and had not eaten her food properly. So the little girl decided to go back to using her spoon and fork. Now, she always makes sure to eat her food the right way!Once upon a time, there was a wealthy family. They had a big house, lots of toys and all kinds of nice things. One day, the family went to a special place. They were there to watch someone display a trophy. Everyone was very excited and they watched as the trophy was carefully taken out of the box. The trophy was very shiny and very special. Everyone clapped and smiled when they saw it. Then, it was time to put the trophy on display. The family placed the trophy on a big shelf so everyone could see it. They all felt very proud because the trophy made them very wealthy. The family was happy and enjoyed looking at their trophy every day. They knew it would always remind them of the special day they spent together.Jimmy was a threeyearold boy who was playing with his toys. His mum was in the kitchen making dinner. Jimmy pointed his finger at his truck and said, Go! He then saw something moving out of the corner of his eye. He turned and saw a bird flying in the open sky. He was so excited and shouted out, Look mummy, motion! Jimmys mum smiled and said, Thats right, Jimmy. Its a bird. Point! Point, shouted Jimmy as the bird flew closer. His mum smiled again and said, Its ok, Jimmy. The bird wont hurt you. She then opened the window and waved her hand in the air to show Jimmy the motion. Jimmy was amazed. He couldnt contain his enthusiasm, so he ran over to the window and shouted, Hello bird! The bird chirped and flew away. Jimmy turned to his mum and said, Bye bye bird!. His mum smiled and said, Goodbye bird. Jimmy was happy and said, I love motion!Once upon a time, there was an old train. The train was very old and it was not working well. One day, a little boy saw the train and he wanted to play with it. But when he tried to play with the train, it did not work. The little boy got very sad and angry. Then, an old man came and saw the little boy. The old man asked the little boy what was wrong. The little boy told the old man about the old train that did not work. The old man said to the little boy, You should forgive the train. It is old and it cannot work like it used to. The little boy thought about what the old man said and he realized that he should forgive the old train. He went back to the train and said, I forgive you, old train. You are still special to me. The train started to work again and the little boy was very happy. He learned that sometimes we need to forgive things that are old and not working well.Bobby was a 3 year old boy who loved to play outside. He would spend hours exploring and discovering new things. One day he went outside and saw a broken play set in his neighbors yard. He was sad to see it was broken, and wanted to help. He ran to his Mommy and Daddy and asked them if he could fix it. They said he should try. So Bobby set to work serving the play set. He spent all day tightening screws and putting things back together. Finally his work was done and the play set was as good as new. Bobby was so proud of himself. His Mommy and Daddy were so happy that Bobby helped fix the play set. Everyone was very happy.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved going to class every day to play with her friends and learn new things. One day, Lilys teacher brought a fragile vase to show the class. It was very pretty, but they had to be careful not to break it. Suddenly, it started to rain outside and the wind blew hard. The raindrops were tapping on the window, and Lily and her friends watched as the rain poured down. They were happy to be inside, safe and dry. After class, Lilys mom picked her up and they walked home in the rain. Lily splashed in the puddles and laughed as the raindrops fell on her face. When they got home, they cuddled up with a warm blanket and watched the rain fall outside. It was a cozy and peaceful day.Once upon a time, there was a kind mailman named Max. Max loved to deliver letters and packages to peoples houses. One day, Max had to deliver a package to a house he had never been to before. He didnt know where it was, so it was unknown to him. Max got lost and walked around for a long time. He was getting hungry, so he decided to make a sandwich. But when he tried to cut the bread with his knife, he realized he had forgotten it at home! Max was sad because he couldnt eat his sandwich. Just then, Max saw a little girl playing outside. He asked her if she knew where the house was. The little girl knew exactly where it was and showed Max the way. Max was so happy and grateful to the little girl that he gave her a big hug. He then delivered the package and went back to work. From that day on, Max always remembered to bring his knife with him when he went on his deliveries.Sam was walking down the street, looking up at the church. He was so excited he couldnt wait to go inside. Suddenly, he tripped and fell on something rough. He looked down it was a jump rope! Sam realized this must be a sign someone had left the jump rope here for him. He quickly grabbed it and jumped up and down the street. Every jump made him even more excited for what he was about to do. The church doors opened, and he walked inside. He was welcomed by the warm sunshine that shone through the windows. After a few minutes of aweinspiring beauty, Sam looked down. There it was again the jump rope! He couldnt believe it! Suddenly, he realized the jump rope was meant to be a sign it had been meant to lead him to this church. With this in mind, Sam knew that he had been preparing for this moment his whole life, and he couldnt wait to find out what was in store for him.Once upon a time there was a brave girl called Jane. Jane wanted to explore the deep woods but it was raining and so everything was wet. She was a bit scared but she took a deep breath and stepped inside. The woods were gloomy and her steps made the leaves tremble as she walked. Jane was excited but soon she started to get scared as the dark trees seemed to close in around her. Suddenly it became so quiet and Jane started to tremble. Her wet feet felt cold and she was too scared to go on. But then, out of the corner of her eye, she spotted something dull on the ground. It was a big, brown leaf! Jane bent down to pick it up and felt courage fill her heart. She knew she could explore the deep woods if she just stayed brave. Jane clenched the leaf tight in her hand and kept on walking. She was so brave that she wasnt scared at all not even when the leaves continued to tremble beneath her feet.Once upon a time there was a humble table. It had been used for many years, but it was still strong and sturdy. One day, a kind old woman came by and saw the table. She was looking for a place to store some of her things, so the table was perfect for the task. The old woman placed some of her belongings on the table and smiled. She was thankful to know that her items were safe and secure. The table sat there happily and was filled with the womans things. Every day, the woman would go out and come back with more items to store on the humble table. Soon, the table was full of the womans possessions and the woman was very pleased. She thanked the table for taking care of her things and for always being so humble and helpful. The old woman and the humble table lived happily ever after.Once upon a time, there was a large bird. Its name was Bob. Bob had a special license. With this license, he was allowed to walk wherever he wanted. One day, Bob decided to go for a walk. He was so excited about it. He spread his wings, flapped them and soared up into the sky. Just when he was about to start his walk, he suddenly heard something. It was a voice. Hey Bob! Where are you going? He looked around and saw a small bird flying beside him. Oh hello there! Im going on a walk!, he said to the small bird. Can I come with you?, the small bird asked. Yes, of course you can, but youll need a license. Do you have one?, Bob asked. The small bird sadly shook its head. Dont worry, I can help you get one. Just follow me and Ill show you the steps to get your own special license, said Bob. The small bird was so excited and followed Bob on the walk. In the end, both Bob and the small bird had their own licenses and were allowed to walk wherever they wanted!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside and explore the world around her. One day, she found a pink rock while she was walking in the park. Wow! This rock is so pretty! Lily said to herself. Just then, her friend Tommy came over and asked, What did you find, Lily? I found a pink rock! Look how pretty it is! Lily said, showing the rock to Tommy. Tommy looked at the rock and said, Thats a cool rock, Lily. Whats its name? Lily thought for a moment and said, I dont know. Lets name it Pinky! From that day on, Lily and Tommy played with Pinky the pink rock every time they went to the park. They loved their new friend and were happy to have found such a special treasure.Once upon a time, there was a thoughtful girl named Sue. Sue loved to help her mom around the house. One day, her mom asked her to wipe the table after they ate their lunch. Sue was happy to help. As Sue was wiping the table, she saw a pretty candle on the window sill. The candle was her moms favorite. Sue wanted to do something nice for her mom, so she said, Mom, can I light the candle for you? Her mom said, Yes, but be very careful. Sue carefully lit the candle and put it on the table. Her mom was so happy to see the pretty candle. They both sat and watched the candle burn. Sues mom said, Thank you, Sue, for being so thoughtful and careful. Sue felt proud that she could help her mom. The moral of the story is to always be thoughtful and careful when helping others.Billy saw a sock on the floor and he was alert. He bent down and observed it carefully. It was a big, fluffy sock and it was green with white stripes. Billy looked around to make sure nobody was watching, then picked it up. He loved how soft it felt, and he wanted to put it on. Billy put the sock on his foot and then did a little dance. His feet felt so happy and warm in the comfy sock! He played around the house and jumped on the couch. Billy wiggled his toes in his new sock and felt so happy. Suddenly, his moms voice startled him. Billy, what are you doing with that sock? Billy looked up and saw that his mom was alert, looking at him and the sock. He quickly took it off and said, Nothing, Mommy! His mom smiled, and then said, Okay, just make sure you put it back in the drawer later! Billy nodded and smiled back. Billy had a great time with his sock, and he thanked it for being there. Then he carefully put it back in the drawer for the next time he was feeling playful.Once upon a time, there was a mysterious fireman. He lived in a far away land and was rarely seen by the people. One day, he was walking down the street when he saw a group of children playing. The fireman asked the children, What are you all doing? The children looked up in surprise. They responded, Were playing a game, fireman. We separate into teams and then play together! The fireman smiled. He said, That sounds like a lot of fun. What is the most mysterious thing about this game? The children all looked at each other and giggled. One little girl finally said, The most mysterious thing is that nobody ever wins! The fireman laughed. He said, Maybe someday someone will find a way to win this game! Then the fireman waved goodbye and the children went back to their game.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy had long hair that covered his eyes and made it hard for him to see. His mom told him it was time for a haircut. Timmy didnt want to get a haircut because he thought it would hurt. But his mom told him it wouldnt hurt and he would feel better after. Timmy went to the barber with his mom. The barber cut his hair and Timmy realized it didnt hurt at all. He looked in the mirror and saw how handsome he looked with his new haircut. Timmy was grateful to his mom for making him get a haircut. He could see better and felt so much cooler with his new haircut.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily who loved to run. She ran so fast that she won a medal! It was shiny and made her very happy. One day, Lily went to the park to run and she saw a unique bird. It had bright colors and a long tail. The bird appeared out of nowhere and Lily was so amazed that she stopped running to watch it. After a while, the bird flew away and Lily continued to run, feeling grateful for the special moment she had just experienced.Once upon a time, there was a little cat named Mittens. Mittens was black and fluffy, and loved to play with her toy mouse. One day, Mittens saw a pepper on the kitchen counter. She thought it looked like a fun toy, so she batted it around with her paw. But then, the pepper fell on the floor and opened up. Mittens sneezed and sneezed because the pepper was so spicy. Mittens owner came into the kitchen and saw the mess. She was very angry and told Mittens to go outside. Mittens was sad and didnt understand why her owner was mad. She went outside and climbed a tree to hang out. But then, Mittens slipped and fell from the tree. She hurt herself very badly and couldnt move. Her owner found her and took her to the vet, but it was too late. Mittens had died. Mittens owner was very sad and realized that she shouldnt have been so angry with Mittens. She missed her little black cat very much. The end.Ben was a dog who loved to swim. He liked to splash in the water and chase the fish. One day, he saw a big lake with many ducks. He wanted to swim with them and have fun. He ran to the lake and jumped in. The ducks were scared and flew away. Ben felt sad. He wanted to make friends, not scare them. He looked around and saw a distant island. He thought maybe there were more ducks there. He decided to swim to the island. He swam and swam, but the island was very far. He got tired and cold. His paws hurt and his fur was wet. He wished he had stayed on the shore. He was afraid he would not make it to the island or back to the land. He saw a boat with a man and a girl. They saw him too. They waved and called him. Poor dog, he is lost and in trouble. Lets help him, the man said. Yes, lets. He looks so cute and brave, the girl said. They steered the boat to Ben and lifted him up. They wrapped him in a blanket and gave him some food and water. Ben was happy and grateful. He licked their faces and wagged his tail. He had found new friends. He learned a lesson. He should not swim too far or chase the ducks. He should be careful and respectful. He should be happy with what he had. He thanked the man and the girl and they took him back to the shore. He ran to his home and told his family about his adventure. They were glad he was safe and smart. They hugged him and played with him. Ben was a happy dog who loved to swim.Once there was a happy little girl. Her name was Emma. One day her mommy said to her, Lets go to the temple! Emma was so excited that she laughed and laughed. At the temple, Emma could not believe her eyes. It was so incredible! She saw statues of gods, gold decorations, and the most beautiful paintings. Mommy, look at everything! she said in amazement. Emma and her mommy walked around the temple. Everywhere they went, Emma laughed with joy. She was so excited to be there! At the end of their visit, as they were walking back home, Emma said to her mommy, I wish we could stay here forever! Mommy smiled and said, Sometimes, you just have to remember this wonderful place in your heart. Emma smiled and hugged her mommy tightly. Together they laughed, happy to have shared such a beautiful experience.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a cozy rug in her room that she liked to play on. One day, Lilys mom asked her to be careful while playing on the rug because it was very special to her. Lily nodded her head and promised to be careful. As Lily played, she heard a knock at the door. It was her friend Timmy. Timmy loved playing with Lily on her rug. He asked if he could play too. Lily said yes and they played together for a while. They were having so much fun that they didnt realize they were making a mess on the rug. When Lilys mom came in, she saw the mess and was upset. Lily and Timmy looked sad. But then, Lily remembered what her mom had said about being careful. She apologized to her mom and promised to clean up the mess. Her mom smiled and nodded her head, happy that Lily was being responsible.Once upon a time, there was a clever little girl. She had a special friend called Mandy. Mandy always brought her a yummy lunch every day. One day, Mandy said to the little girl I cant deliver your lunch today. Can you go and get it? The clever little girl thought of a plan. She walked to Mandys house and knocked on the door. When Mandy opened it, the little girl said Can you please deliver my lunch to me now?. Mandy smiled and said Yes, I can deliver it. She gave the little girl her lunch and waved goodbye. The clever little girl was very happy to receive her lunch. She ate it with a smile on her face. The end!Once upon a time, there was a thin tiger. The tiger was very hungry and wanted to eat something. He went to the jungle to find some food. While walking, he saw some fruits on the ground. He was very happy and started eating them. Suddenly, he heard a sound. It was a little bird. The bird said, Hello Mr. Tiger, what are you doing? I am eating these fruits. They are very tasty, replied the tiger. The bird said, I can help you find more fruits. Lets scatter and find them together. The tiger was very happy and said, Thank you, little bird. Lets go find some more fruits. So, they scattered and found many more fruits. The tiger was very happy and thanked the little bird for helping him find his food.Once there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to decorate her room. She wanted it to be beautiful and sparkly. One day, Lily and her mommy went to the store. She saw a big roll of looping, flexible ribbon. She was so excited that she could use it to decorate her room. When they got home, Lily grabbed a chair so she could reach her wall. She used the ribbon to make long, colorful loops around her wall. When she was finished, it looked so pretty! Lily was so happy with her decoration. She wanted to show everyone, so she called all her friends over to admire her loops. Everyone gasped at her beautiful wall decoration. Finally, Lilyâs mommy hung up a big, sparkly sign near the loops. It said, âœLilyâs Room,â and it was just perfect. The End!Peter was a rich man who was very successful. Every day, Peter got up early to do his work and make sure he earned enough money to take care of his family. One day, Peter decided to try something new. After his work was done, he picked up a rope and set off into the forest with a goal to succeed. At first, Peter had a hard time. He tried to tie knots and pull the rope, but nothing seemed to work. He worked and worked, but he just couldnt get it to do what he wanted. He tried and tried, until he finally succeeded. He had figured out how to make the rope do what he wanted! Peter was so proud of himself for succeeding. Every day he went back to the forest and practiced with the rope. Soon enough, he was able to do something he had never done before he could do tricks with the rope! Every day people watched him in amazement. Peters success inspired others, and he earned even more money as more people started to come watch him. He continued to practice and learn new tricks and he kept getting better and better. Peter had succeeded, and now he was living his dream!Maggie was a little girl who loved to play outside. Today, she was trying to climb up a hill. With each step, she struggled, but she kept going. At the top of the hill was an enormous cone. Maggie felt a little nervous, but she took a deep breath and started climbing up the cone. Maggie was exhausted. Halfway up the cone she stopped to catch her breath. Suddenly she heard a voice calling her name. It was her mom. Maggie! Come down from there! That cone is too high! You dont need to struggle so much! Maggie was relieved. She carefully scrambled down the cone and scrambled back down the hill. Her mom hugged her and said, Lets go home and have an ice cream cone as a treat! Maggie smiled and nodded excitedly. After all her struggling, she was happy to do something easier.Once upon a time, there was a beautiful sunset. It was so amazing! Everyone wanted to see it. So, the family lit a fire in the backyard to watch the sunset. The flames were bright and warm. The sun was orange and red. It was wonderful to look at. Then, it started to get darker. Soon, the fire was the only light around. Everyone enjoyed it and talked until it was time for bed. Before the family went to bed, they looked up to see the amazing fire burning in the night sky. It was a special moment they would never forget.Once there was a humble little girl named Becky who had a tool box. Every day, she liked to take her tools to the park. She would bring her trowel, shovel, and watering can, and have so much fun there. One day, when Becky was at the park, she bumped into a boy her age. His name was John and he was also playing with a toolbox. He had a hammer, a screwdriver, and a saw. Becky said, What are you doing? John replied, Im making a birdhouse for my garden. Becky was so impressed. She asked, Can I help you? John was happy to have help, so the two of them worked together to create the birdhouse. When they were all done, they both stood back and admired their work. John thanked Becky for her help, and they went back to their homes, but Becky kept coming back to the park to work on her own special projects. From then on, the park became her favourite place!Once upon a time, there was a little owl named Hootie. Hootie loved to fly around in the dark night sky. One night, Hootie was flying around when he saw a little mouse named Squeaky. Hello, Squeaky! said Hootie. What are you doing out so late? Im trying to find some cheese, replied Squeaky. But I keep slipping on the wet leaves. Hootie felt bad for Squeaky, so he offered to help. I can fly above and guide you with my eyes, said Hootie. Squeaky was grateful for Hooties help and together they searched for cheese. Suddenly, they heard a loud noise and saw a big, scary cat running towards them. Hootie quickly flew up and scared the cat away, saving Squeaky from danger. Thank you, Hootie! said Squeaky. Youre the best owl ever! Hootie smiled and they continued their search for cheese, happy to have each others company in the dark night.Lila and Tom were friends who liked to play in the park. One day, they saw a big animal with a long nose and big ears. It was an elephant. The elephant was very hungry and looked for food. Hello, elephant, Lila said. Do you want to play with us? The elephant nodded. Yes, I do. But I need some food first. Can you supply me some? Lila and Tom thought for a moment. They had some bread and cheese in their backpacks. They decided to share some with the elephant. Here you go, elephant, Tom said. We have some bread and cheese for you. But you have to be nice and gentle. The elephant took the bread and cheese and ate them. He smiled and thanked them. You are very kind and generous, he said. But I am still hungry. Do you have more? Lila and Tom looked at each other. They only had a little bit left. They wanted to save some for themselves. But they also wanted to make the elephant happy. OK, elephant, Lila said. We have a little more. But this is all we have. You have to share with us. The elephant nodded. Of course, of course. I will share with you. Give me the rest of your food. Lila and Tom gave the elephant the rest of their bread and cheese. They hoped he would leave some for them. But the elephant was greedy and ate it all. He did not share with them. Hey, elephant, Tom said. That was not fair. You ate all our food. You did not share with us. You are very mean and selfish. The elephant laughed. Ha, ha, ha. You are very silly and foolish. You should not trust a hungry animal. You should be more wise. Now I have all your food and you have none. Goodbye, little ones. The elephant walked away, leaving Lila and Tom hungry and sad. They cried and wished they had not given their food to the elephant. They learned a hard lesson that day.Tom was a clever boy. He loved to ride his scooter. Every morning, he would slip on his helmet and ride around the park. Tom was getting quite good at riding his scooter. He liked to make it slip around corners. But one day, he went too fast and lost his balance. Tom slipped from his scooter and fell on the ground. He started to cry, but soon noticed something shiny. It was the key to his scooter! Tom was so relieved and happily put the key back in the scooter. Tom climbed back on the scooter and started riding again. He remembered to not go too fast this time. He felt relieved and clever for having remembered the key.Once upon a time, there was a big peach tree. This tree was very special, because it had the most beautiful peaches in the world. Every day lots of animals would come to the tree to try and pick one of the peaches. One day a little rabbit hopped up to the peach tree. She wanted to win the most beautiful peach of all. She hopped up onto the first branch of the tree, but it was too high. She hopped onto the second branch, and then onto the third. On the third branch, she found the most beautiful peach in the world! The little rabbit was so happy, she was sure she had won the prize. She quickly picked the peach and hopped away with it. The little rabbit was so proud of her prize, and she enjoyed her peach very much. The end.Once upon a time there was a mighty bear who believed in magic. Every night he would sit by the television and his mighty friends would come alive! He believed that he could make anything happen if he just wished hard enough. So he wished for all his toys to come to life, and they did! One night, a tiny toy car came out of the television and it began to drive away. The bear decided to follow it and so he went on a great adventure. He went to the far side of the world and he even flew on the back of a giant bird! Everywhere he went, he saw wonderful things and he made lots of new friends. Though his journey lasted for only one night, the bear was so happy he believed he could fly like the other animals. He had an amazing time and he never forgot the magic he felt that night.Once upon a time, there were two brothers. Both brothers were quite ordinary, but one seemed to like pastries more than the other. One day, the brother who liked pastries the most asked his mom for a special pastry. His mom said yes and went out to the store. Before she came back, the other brother noticed that something special seemed to be happening. When their mom got back, she was holding a big, sweet pastry. She gave it to the brother who liked pastries the most and he was so happy! The other brother was so excited, too. He asked if he could have some of the pastry and his mom said yes! They both ate the pastry and it was so delicious. They enjoyed it so much and it seemed like this ordinary pastry was the best one ever. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Amy. Amy had a special book called a journal. She loved to write and draw in her journal every day. Her mom said it was an expensive journal, so Amy took very good care of it. One day, Amy was playing outside with her friend, Tim. They were playing a game called poke. They would poke each other and then run away, laughing. Amy had her journal with her, so she could draw pictures of their fun game. Amy and Tim were having so much fun playing poke. But then, Amy accidentally left her expensive journal on the grass. When she came back to get it, she saw that her dog, Spot, had found it. Spot had chewed the journal a little bit, but Amy was happy that it was not too broken. She hugged Spot and then went inside to show her mom what had happened. From that day on, Amy made sure to keep her special journal safe and sound.Once upon a time, there was a big park with lots of trees and flowers. In the middle of the park, there was a statue of a cute puppy. The puppy was so adorable that everyone who saw it smiled. One day, a little girl named Lily came to the park with her mom. When she saw the statue, she ran towards it and hugged it tightly. She loved the puppy so much that she pretended it was her own pet. Lilys mom took a picture of her with the statue and said, Look how happy you are, Lily! The statue must be very special to make you feel that way. Lily replied, Yes, the puppy is my friend. It cant move or play, but it can always be here with me. From that day on, Lily visited the park every week to see her adorable statue friend. She knew it would always be there, just like a true friend should be.Once upon a time, Tiana was walking down the street with Mommy. Tiana wanted to visit the museum. She thought it looked so cool! She wanted to see all the fun and interesting things inside. Mommy said yes, and they passed by lots of different buildings until they reached the museum. When they went in, Tiana was amazed by all of the pretty things she could see. She loved the paintings and statues and ran around trying to see them all. Mommy bought her a yummy snack that was sweet and warm. Tiana munched on it as she walked around, looking at all the wonderful things in the museum. Before long, she was so tired from all the exploring that she needed to have a rest. Mommy scooped her up and carried her to the car. Tiana was sad to leave, but she knew there was lots more to explore at the museum. She promised herself she would come back soon!John was always nice and caring. Every morning he would go to the park and take care of the birds. He made sure to give them some food, too! One day, John was walking through the park when he saw a small bottle lying in the grass. It looked very cold and lonely. John started to worry and tried to find out who it belonged to. He looked all around but no one was there. John decided to take the bottle home with him and care for it until he found its owner. He brought the cold bottle home and put it in his bedroom. Heâd give it a hug and talk to it whenever he felt lonely. The next day, John was having breakfast when he heard a knock on the door. To his surprise, it was the bottleâs owner! John was so happy to see him and ran to give him the bottle back. John felt so pleased for being able to take care of the bottle, and the owner thanked him for being so kind and caring.Once upon a time there was a clever pet named Fluffy. He lived with a girl called Ruby. Every day, Ruby and Fluffy would play together. Ruby would keep Fluffy safe. She made sure that he always had food, water and a warm, dry place to sleep. Fluffy would wait for her outside every day until she came back home. Ruby enjoyed playing hide and seek with Fluffy. Whenever she hid, Fluffy would try to find her. He was so clever that he always found her hiding spot. In return, Ruby would give Fluffy lots of cuddles and treats. She looked after him very carefully and they became very good friends. Ruby and Fluffy still keep very happy together. They play lots of games and enjoy spending time together. They both know that they will always be the best of friends.Tom and Lily wanted to build a castle with their blocks. They had many blocks of different colors and shapes. They put some blocks on the floor and stacked them up. They made walls and towers and a gate. Look at our castle! Tom said. It is big and strong and pretty! Yes, it is! Lily said. But it needs something more. It needs magic! Magic? Tom asked. What is magic? Magic is something that makes things special and fun. Like a fairy or a dragon or a rainbow. Lily said. We can make magic with our imagination! How do we do that? Tom asked. Lily picked up a small red block and held it in her hand. She closed her eyes and made a wish. She wished that the block would turn into a magic ruby that could make their castle fly. She opened her eyes and showed the block to Tom. Look! It is a magic ruby! she said. If we put it on top of the highest tower, our castle will fly! Tom looked at the block. It was still a small red block. But he wanted to believe Lily. He wanted to see their castle fly. He smiled and took the block from Lily. He climbed on a chair and reached for the highest tower. He placed the block on top of it. Ready? Lily asked. Ready! Tom said. They both clapped their hands and shouted Fly, castle, fly! They looked at their castle. It did not move. It was still on the floor. But in their eyes, it was flying. It was flying high in the sky, over the clouds and the stars. It was a magic castle. And they were happy.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to eat candy, especially the yummy ones. One day, her mom gave her a big bag of candy. Lily was so happy and started to eat them right away. Suddenly, her mom came back and saw that Lily had eaten too much candy. She said, Lily, you cant eat all of that candy. Its not good for you. But Lily didnt want to stop eating the candy. So her mom had an idea. She said, Lets wrap the candy in a cord and give it to our neighbor. She will be very happy to receive it. Lily thought it was a good idea and helped her mom wrap the candy in a cord. They went to their neighbors house and gave her the candy. The neighbor was very happy and said, Thank you so much! This is so yummy! Lily felt happy too, knowing that she had done something good.Ben and Lily were twins. They liked to play in the park with their dog, Spot. One day, they saw a big, fat cat on a tree. Spot barked at the cat. The cat hissed at Spot. Lets go see the cat, Ben said. He wanted to touch the cat. No, Ben, its too high, Lily said. She was scared of the cat. And its getting dark. We have to go home. But Ben did not listen. He ran to the tree and tried to climb it. The cat scratched his hand. Ben cried out loud. Ben, are you okay? Lily asked. She ran to him and hugged him. She saw blood on his hand. She was very worried. Ow, ow, ow, Ben said. He was in pain. He was sorry he did not listen to Lily. Come on, Ben, we have to go home, Lily said. She took his hand and helped him walk. Spot followed them. They walked fast. They did not like the dark. Soon, they saw their house. They saw their mom at the door. She was happy to see them, but she saw Bens hand. She was angry and sad. What happened to your hand, Ben? she asked. She took him inside and cleaned his wound. She put a bandaid on it. I tried to touch a fat cat on a tree, Ben said. He looked down. He was ashamed. That was not a good idea, Ben, mom said. She hugged him and kissed him. You have to be careful and listen to Lily. She is your sister and she loves you. Im sorry, mom. Im sorry, Lily, Ben said. He hugged them back. He learned his lesson. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy liked to play with his train set. He had a big rail for his trains to go on. One day, Timmys friend Billy came over to play. Billy wanted to play with the train set too. But, Timmy didnt want to share his toys. Billy got frustrated and said, Timmy, you need to share your toys. Its not nice to be selfish. Timmy noticed that Billy was upset and decided to share his toys. They both played together and had fun. The moral of the story is that sharing is important and makes everyone happy.Once there was a little girl named Daisy who loved to explore. One day, she went in the garden and decided to look everywhere. She saw a cobweb in the corner, it was green and beautiful. Daisy decided to look closer and so she gently moved closer to the web. What Daisy saw made her gasp A little green spider appeared! He smiled at Daisy and said If you dont touch my web I will be your friend! Daisy thought it was a nice idea and so she decided to be friends with the spider. They played together all day long and Daisy never touched his cobweb. They were the best of friends!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys and run around outside. But one day, her mommy said she needed to do some exercise to stay healthy. Lily didnt want to stop playing, but she knew she had to listen to her mommy. So, Lily went to do some exercise, but she accidentally knocked over a vase. The vase was very fragile and it broke into many pieces. Lily started to cry because she was scared her mommy would be angry. Her mommy came in and saw the broken vase. Lily, what happened? she asked. Lily told her what happened and said sorry. Her mommy hugged her and said, Its okay, accidents happen. But next time, please be careful and shut the door before you start exercising. Lily felt much better and promised to be more careful next time.Jill and her dad were on a long walk. Suddenly, dads phone beeped. He looked at his phone and showed a sign to Jill. It was dark and it said supply. Dad said with a smile Lets go, Jill. We have to do a job. They drove in the car for a while and soon stopped. Jill and her dad went out of the car and walked to a house. It was already dark outside. They knocked on the door and a nice lady opened. Dad gave the lady the sign with supply on it. The lady smiled and gave them a box full of items. Dad said that it was the supply they were looking for. Jill and dad were happy to have done the job. They said their goodbyes and went back in the car. They both knew that they had done a great job.Once there were two friends named Susy and Tim. Susy was nosy and liked to talk to everyone. Tim was more shy and stayed to himself. One day, Susy went to Tims house to help him make toast. She was excited and kept poking her head into the kitchen to see what he was doing. Tim was very nice and showed Susy how to turn on the toaster and put the bread in. They laughed as they watched the bread pop out of the toaster. The next day, Susy brought a jar of jam to help make the toast even more delicious. They had the best breakfast ever together and ate their yummy toast. Susy and Tim loved having fun together, and Susy was glad that she could help out. That nosy Susy always had a way of making every day an adventure!Once upon a time there was a car. It had an engine. The engine made the car go. One day, the car got very tired. The engine was so tired it stopped working. The people in the car started to worry. They were sorry that the car stopped. Suddenly, a truck came by. The truck was big and strong. It had a strong engine. It stopped and the people asked for help. The driver of the truck said he could help them. He hooked up his truck to the car. Then he said to relax. He started his engine and pulled the car. He pulled the car until it was working again. Then the people said thank you to the driver and waved goodbye. The car was happy again. It drove off and the people inside were very happy. They drove away and said thank you again!Once upon a time, there was a robot. The robot was very mysterious. Nobody knew where it came from or what it was doing. It would beep and boop, but never spoke. One day, a little girl found the robot in the park. She was very curious about the mysterious robot. She asked the robot what it was doing, but it remained silent. The little girl decided to take the robot home with her. She played with the robot all day, but it remained mysterious. She tried to figure out what the robot was thinking, but it remained a mystery. In the end, the little girl decided that it was okay for the robot to remain a mystery. She loved the robot just the way it was, even if it never spoke. And so, the mysterious robot remained with the little girl forever.Once upon a time, there was a little girl who loved to skip. Everywhere she went, she skipped. One day, the little girl was skipping in the park when she noticed a deaf old man. He did not hear the birds chirping, so the little girl skipped over to him. She smiled and said hello. The old man did not answer, so she realized he was deaf. She then tapped his shoe and said it again, louder this time. The old man finally looked at her, so the little girl smiled and said it again. The old man was so surprised to hear this little girl speaking to him. He smiled back and said, Hi.Once upon a time, a strong chest sat in a room. Inside the chest was an important letter that needed to be mailed. A little boy wanted to help. He opened the chest, looked at the letter, and said, I can mail it for you! But his mom told him, No! Its too important. You cant mail it. Youre too small. Its too big a job for you. You might make a mistake. The little boy was sad. He wanted to help out. He thought hard and came up with a plan. He said to his Mom, I will make sure its right. Im strong now. I can do it! His Mom saw how strong the little boy had become, and finally said, Okay, you can try. The little boy was so excited. He carefully put the letter in the mailbox, and it was on its way. He felt proud of himself for being so strong and capable.Once upon a time, there was a messy little boy named Tim. Tim liked to play in the snow. One day, he went outside to play with his friends. They made snowballs and threw them at each other. Tim was having so much fun. While they were playing, Tim saw a big snowman. He wanted to pinch its nose. Tim thought it would be funny. He walked up to the snowman and pinched its nose very hard. But the snowmans nose was not soft. It was very cold and icy. Tims hand hurt a lot. He started to cry. His friends came to see what was wrong. They told Tim not to pinch the snowmans nose again. Tims hand was very cold and red. He went home feeling sad. The snowmans nose was still there, but Tim learned not to pinch it again.Sam liked to pass the newspaper to his dad every morning. He felt very helpful and proud when he did that. He would run to the door, pick up the big paper, and carry it to the kitchen, where his dad was making breakfast. Here you go, dad. Your newspaper, he would say, handing it over with a big smile. Thank you, Sam. You are such a good boy, his dad would say, ruffling his hair. Do you want to see whats inside? Sam would nod eagerly, and his dad would open the paper and show him some pictures and words. He would point to some people and tell him what they did. Some were successful, like doctors and teachers and astronauts. Some were not, like robbers and liars and bullies. Sam liked to learn new things from his dad and the newspaper. He wanted to be successful too, when he grew up. He wanted to do something good and important, like his dad. One day, his dad had a surprise for him. He said he had something special to show him in the newspaper. He opened it and pointed to a big picture on the front page. It was a picture of his dad, smiling and holding a trophy. Look, Sam. This is me. I won a prize for my work. I am a successful engineer. I make things that help people and the world. Do you see? Sam looked at the picture and his dad. He felt very happy and proud. He hugged his dad and said, Wow, dad. You are amazing. I want to be like you. His dad hugged him back and said, You can be anything you want, Sam. You are smart and kind and brave. I love you, son. They smiled at each other and looked at the newspaper again. Sam passed it back to his dad and said, Can we read more, dad? Of course, Sam. Lets read more.Jimmy was so excited to wear his new helmet. He held it in his hands and looked at it with awe. The helmet was a shiny blue color and he couldnt wait to ride his bike around with it! He ran outside to his bicycle, but then became embarrassed when he saw that the helmet didnt fit. He tried again and again, but it just wouldnt stay on his head. Jimmy became very ashamed, but then his mom came outside with a smile. She explained that helmets have sizes and she would take him to the store and help him find one that would fit him perfectly. Jimmy got excited again when his mom said this. He quickly ran back inside to get ready. Soon enough, Jimmy had the perfect helmet for him and he proudly rode his bike around with it for the rest of the day.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys all day long. One day, her mommy told her they had to go to a meeting. Lily didnt want to go because she wanted to keep playing. But her mommy was persistent and said they had to go. At the meeting, Lily got bored and started to ignore what was happening. She played with her toys quietly while her mommy talked. But then, she heard her name and looked up. Her mommy was calling her to come up and say hello. Lily felt shy but she went up and said hello. Everyone smiled at her and she felt happy. After the meeting, they went home and Lily realized that sometimes its good to listen and not ignore things.Once upon a time, there was a girl. She loved to push her toy car around. The car had a handle that she could hold onto. She always grabbed it tight. Every day she would push the car around, making loud noises and smiles. One day, she met a dog with a friendly face. The dog was loyal, and stayed with her no matter where she pushed her car. They became friends, and the girl and her new friend would push the toy car around together. The girl was so happy she had a loyal friend, and the two of them would play together until the sun went down.Once upon a time, there was a big cabin in the woods. The cabin was wide and had a big door. Inside the cabin, there was a chair to sit on. One day, a little girl went to the cabin. She saw the chair and sat on it. She liked it very much. She looked outside and saw the trees. They were very tall. She felt happy to be in the cabin.Once upon a time, there was a powerful tire that was rolling along. It opened doors and squeezed through tight gaps. One day, the tire got too close to a pond and fell in. The tire couldnt get out because it was too powerful for the little pond. So the tire opened and quickly filled up with water. The tire was stuck and lost forever. The end.One day, a small family of squirrels went outside to find food. The mother was stubborn and wanted to look in the same spot she always looked in. Even though she was stubborn, her babies still followed her. Soon, the family came across a trap. The trap was jingling, almost like it was inviting the squirrels to come closer. The mother said no and told her babies to stay away. She was being very stubborn but it was to protect them. The babies were curious, but they trusted their mom and allowed her to lead them away from the trap. As they continued searching, the mother always stayed by their side, letting them know that she would keep them safe.Once upon a time, there was a big truck. The truck was red and had big wheels that went round and round. The driver of the truck was a man with a big smile. He liked to drive the truck around and make people happy. One day, the man drove the truck to a big building. Inside the building, there were many boxes that needed to be moved. The man used the truck to fill the boxes and move them to another place. The boxes were heavy, but the truck was strong like steel. After a while, the man accidentally knocked over some boxes and they fell on the ground. He felt ashamed because he made a big mess. But then he remembered that accidents happen and its okay to make mistakes. He cleaned up the mess and continued to fill the boxes with a happy heart. The end.Once there was a large kite. Every day it flew high in the sky and waved in the wind. Everyone loved to watch the kite. One day a small boy saw the kite flying in the sky. He was so excited he started to clap his hands. He kept clapping until the kite flew down from the sky. The little boy ran to the kite and held it. He was so happy. He petted it and held it and clapped his hands. Soon the little boy started running with the kite. He ran in circles, clapping his hands and laughing. The large kite flew higher and higher in the sky. All the people who saw this felt so happy. They too clapped their hands! The little boy and the large kite played together until it was time to go home. He thanked the kite for the wonderful time, hugged it and ran off. He knew he would be back to play with his large kite again soon.Once upon a time, there was a little girl called Brandy. She was 3 years old, and was very brave. One day, she had to go on a big bus to visit her grandma. When she entered the bus, everyone in the bus was fighting. Brandy was scared but she stayed very still and waited for the fighting to end. Suddenly, a kind old woman said Please everybody. Stop fighting now. Everyone was surprised and stopped fighting. The old woman then said Act mild and noone needs to fight. Everyone agreed, and soon the bus ride was peaceful and mild. When they reached grandmas house, everyone smiled and said goodbye. Brandy thanked the kind old woman, who had helped them all not to fight. She was happy that the journey had been so mild.Jack was a little boy of three. He loved the backyard of his house. It was always so beautiful. He used to go to the backyard every day to play. One day, he saw a tall tree on the other side of the fence. He wanted to look at it closer. He wanted to lean against the fence to look at the tree. Jack leaned against the fence and looked at the tree. He looked up into the branches and watched the birds come and go. It was so beautiful. He was happy that he could enjoy this view. Jack leaned against the fence for a long time, looking at the tree. When he was ready, he went back inside and left the beautiful backyard behind.Frank and his mommy were walking in the park. Frank skipped and skipped, feeling so happy. Soon he saw an animal in the distance. Mommy! Look! What is that? he asked. His mommy smiled. Thats a cow, Frank, she replied. Franks eyes widened. He liked cows. He ran closer and noticed that the cow had a horn on its head. Frank wanted to touch it. He reached out, but his mommy stopped him. No no, Frank, she said. You shouldnt touch the horn. It might get spoiled! Frank felt disappointed. He crossed his arms and looked away. His mommy smiled at him and said, But why dont we give the cow some yummy grass instead? That way, it wont feel so sad anymore. Frank smiled. He liked the idea. He went over to the cow and fed it some grass. The cow was so happy and mooed with joy. Frank felt so satisfied. He realized that its not always about touching stuff its sometimes about how you make other creatures feel.Once upon a time, there was a young boy named Timmy. He loved to play outside with his friends. One day, Timmys mom decided to grill some hot dogs for lunch. Timmy loved hot dogs and couldnt wait to eat them. As his mom was grilling the hot dogs, Timmys friends came over to play. They were all very excited to eat the hot dogs. But Timmys mom warned them, Be careful, the grill is very hot. You dont want to get burned. Timmy and his friends were very hungry and couldnt wait to eat the hot dogs. But Timmy remembered what his mom said and prevented his friends from getting too close to the grill. Lets wait until the hot dogs are ready and cooled down, Timmy said. Finally, the hot dogs were ready and everyone sat down to eat. They all enjoyed the delicious hot dogs and were grateful that Timmy prevented them from getting hurt. From that day on, they always listened to Timmys wise advice.Once upon a time, there was a noisy park. In the park, there were kids playing, birds singing, and dogs barking. The park was full of fun and laughter. One day, a little girl named Sally went to the park to play. She saw a pin on the ground. It was shiny and pretty. Sally picked up the pin and put it in her pocket. She wanted to show it to her friend, Timmy. Sally found Timmy by the swings. She said, Timmy, look at this pin I found! Timmy looked at the pin and said, Wow, its so shiny! Lets play with it. They played together with the pin and had lots of fun in the noisy park.One day, a little girl called Lizzy went shopping with her mom. She liked picking out new dresses and was excited when she saw a beautiful blue one in the shop window. The dress looked so nice that Lizzy wanted to buy it. But her mom said it was too expensive. Lizzy was jealous, so she started to cry. Her mom hugged her and said, Dont worry. Lets look for something else. Then suddenly, the blue dress disappeared. Lizzy and her mom looked around, but the dress was gone. They couldnt find it anywhere. Lizzy was surprised. She asked her mom, Where did the dress go? Her mom replied, It must have disappeared!Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with fire, but his mommy always told him not to because it could burn him. One day, Timmy didnt listen to his mommy and he got burned. He cried and cried, but his mommy took care of him and put medicine on his burn. After that day, Timmy learned that fire can be dangerous and he shouldnt play with it. He started to explore space instead. He loved to look at the stars at night and wonder what was up there. One night, he saw a shooting star and made a wish. The next day, Timmy woke up feeling very sleepy. He didnt want to get out of bed, but his mommy told him he needed to go to school. Timmy didnt want to go, but his mommy explained that school was important and he needed to learn new things. Timmy realized that even though he was sleepy, he needed to go to school and learn so he could explore space even more one day.Once upon a time, there was a little bunny named Hoppy. Hoppy loved to hop all day long. He hopped in the grass, and he hopped with his friends. Hoppy was a very honest bunny. He always told the truth. One day, Hoppy got hurt while hopping. He needed to go see a doctor for animals, called a veterinarian. The veterinarian was very nice and wanted to help Hoppy feel better. Hoppys mom told him to be honest and tell the veterinarian how he got hurt. Hoppy did not listen to his mom. He did not want to tell the truth. He told the veterinarian that he got hurt in a different way. The veterinarian tried to help Hoppy, but because Hoppy was not honest, the doctor could not make him feel better. In the end, Hoppy was still hurt and sad. He learned that it is important to always be honest, even when it is hard to do. If Hoppy had told the truth, he might have felt better sooner. The moral of the story is to always be honest, especially when talking to people who want to help you.Once there was a girl named Rose. Rose really wanted to go play outside. So every day, she asked her mom if she could go outside. But her mom always said no. Rose got very sad and wanted to know why she couldnt go outside. One day, Rose tried to figure out the answer. She touched her nose and realized that the air was not very good. She was persistent and kept asking her mom why she couldnt go outside. Her mom then told her that the air was too polluted and it was not healthy for her. Rose took this answer very seriously and decided to be persistent about looking for a solution. Soon, she realized that wearing a face mask would help her stay safe from the polluted air. She was so happy and went outside to play, with her face mask on!Once there was a little boy called Mike. He wanted to perform a special act, so he decided to walk along a rail that wound around a hill. The rail was smelly, and Mike was scared. But he kept walking anyway. Soon, he found a big cave. Inside the cave was a huge dragon! Mike was so scared. The dragon roared and Mike started to cry. But then the dragon said, âœDonât worry, Iâm friendly! I just wanted you to perform a song for me.â So Mike stopped crying and sang a beautiful song. The dragon was so happy he danced around the cave. Mike knew he was safe and the dragon was his friend. They laughed and played together for a long time. Finally, it was time for Mike to go home. The dragon gave him a big hug, and Mike said goodbye to his friendly dragon. Mike was so happy his adventure was over!Once upon a time, there was a man. He was a white man. He was walking in the cold snow. He started to shiver because he was so cold. Suddenly, he saw a little girl. She was also shivering in the snow. The man felt very sad for her. He gave her a big, warm hug to make her feel better. The little girl was very happy. She said, Thank you, Mr. Man! You are so nice! The man smiled and said, Youre welcome, little girl. Stay warm! And they both continued on their way, feeling happy and warm.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved watching movies with her family. One day, she went to the movie theater with her mom and dad. They watched a funny movie about a cat and a mouse. After the movie, they went to get some ice cream. Lily wanted to hold the ice cream by herself, but she was nervous that she might drop it. Her dad said, Dont worry, Lily. You can do it! But as she was holding the ice cream, it slipped from her hand and fell on the ground. Lily was sad and thought she had broken the ice cream. Her mom said, Its okay, Lily. We can buy another one. But remember, things can break, but its important to not be nervous and try again. Lily learned that its okay to make mistakes and that she can always try again.One day, Bob the bear saw winter coming. He wanted to prepare so he went on a journey. As he walked, the cold air made him feel dizzy and he started to nod off. He was so exhausted, he decided to take a nap. When he awoke, the snow had blanketed the ground. Winter had arrived and Bob was happy. He had the perfect plan for how to make the most of the winter months. He would build a snowman! Bob went off in search of the perfect place to build. After hours of walking, he finally found the perfect spot. But when he arrived, he spotted something strange. In the middle of the snow was another snowman! Bob was surprised. He thought he was the only one who had the idea. As he got closer, he noticed something even more peculiar. The other snowman looked just like him! Bob was amazed and slightly dizzy by the sight. Suddenly, he realized why. It was a reflection! The snow on the ground was so bright and shiny that it had created a mirror image of Bobs snowman. He smiled and walked away, nodding in appreciation. He knew winter could be a magical season.Once there was a small girl named Mary. Mary was very happy and liked to play. One day, Mary decided to go for a walk. She skipped and sang all the way. Suddenly, Mary heard someone calling her name. She looked around and saw a friendly bird. Hello, Mary! called the bird. Mary smiled and waved. Hello!, she called back happily. The bird asked if Mary wanted to play a game. Mary was excited, and said yes! The bird and Mary started the game. They had to look for something small. Mary looked around and found a shiny penny. The bird nodded. You won!, it said. Mary was so happy to have won. She thanked the bird and then skipped away, holding the penny tightly in her hand.Once upon a time, there was a rich man named Bob. He had a big house and many toys. One day, Bob saw a book at the store. It was a very nice book with many colorful pictures. He wanted to buy the book, but he did not have enough money with him. Bob went home and looked for his money. He could not find it. He was sad because he wanted the book. He thought, I will go back to the store and see if the book is still there. Maybe I can find money on the way. Bob began to rush to the store. As he ran, he saw a coin on the ground. He picked it up and kept running. When he got to the store, the book was still there. Bob was happy. He gave the coin to the store man and got the book. Bob went home with the book and sat down to read it. The pictures were so pretty, and he felt happy. The book made him forget about the lost money. In the end, Bob learned that even though he was rich, it was the simple things that made him happy.Lily was confused. Yesterday, she had a big hug from her mom and dad. They said they loved her and they would see her soon. Then they put her in the car with her aunt and uncle. They drove for a long time and stopped at a new house. Lily did not know this house. She did not know the people inside. They smiled at her and gave her a toy, but she missed her mom and dad. Why are we here? Lily asked her aunt. Your mom and dad had to go away for a little while, her aunt said. They have some work to do. But they will come back soon. They asked us to take care of you. You can stay with us and play with your cousins. They are very nice. Lily did not like this answer. She did not want to play with her cousins. She wanted to play with her mom and dad. She felt sad and scared. She started to cry. Shh, its okay, Lily, her uncle said. He picked her up and gave her a hug. We know you miss your mom and dad. We miss them too. But they are safe and they will call us every day. They will be very happy to hear your voice. And we will have fun here. We have a lot of games and books and snacks. You can choose what you want to do. Lily sniffed and looked at her uncle. He had kind eyes and a warm voice. He reminded her of her dad. She hugged him back and felt a little better. Maybe this new house was not so bad. Maybe she could make some new friends. Maybe her mom and dad would come back soon. She hoped so. She loved them very much.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a picture of her family that she loved very much. One day, her friend Timmy came over to play. Timmy saw the picture and said he liked it a lot. Lily wanted to be nice, so she let Timmy borrow the picture for a little while. But when Timmy brought the picture back, Lily noticed that it was a little weak. The frame was broken and the picture looked like it had been bent. Lily felt sad because she loved the picture so much. She told Timmy what had happened and he said he was sorry. Timmy promised to be more careful next time he borrowed something.Once upon a time, there was an incredible boy. He had a very special opinion of the world. Every day, he went outside to explore with his mom and dad. He saw big trees, little animals, and bright flowers. He shared his opinion with everyone he saw. One day, the boy and his family went to the beach. He ran in the waves and felt the sand beneath his feet. He couldnt believe how incredible it was. At the end of the day, the boy was tired but happy. His opinion was that the day had been the best! He had seen and learned so much. It was time to go home, but the boy was filled with excitement. He was ready for tomorrow, when he would explore and share his opinion again!Once upon a time there was a bald man named Bob. Bob was walking in the park one day when he saw a funny looking poke in a tree. Curious, Bob poked it with his finger. Suddenly, out from the poke came a cork and a bottle of red wine! Bob was so excited that he couldnt help but take a big sip of the wine. Just then, a voice called out from behind Bob. Hey, what do you think youre doing? It was Bobs old friend Tom! Tom was a balding man who had been walking in the park with his daughter. Bob, who was a bit embarrassed, said to Tom, I thought I saw a funny poke in the tree, so I poked it and it gave me a bottle of wine! Tom replied, Now, now, Bob! Drinking wine in the park isnt allowed. You should put it back! Bob listened to Tom and returned the bottle of wine to the poke. He thanked his friend for his kindness and promised never to do it again. The end.One day, Jack and his mom went to the park. Jack saw a big hill and he wanted to climb it. His mom said, Thats too high, Jack! Youll fall down! But Jack was determined to climb it. He started to kick the hill. His mom laughed and said, Jack, thats not the way to climb it! You need to be careful! But Jack kept on kicking, his mom shook her head and said, Jack is too ignorant to listen! Finally, Jack made it all the way up the hill! He screamed, I did it! His mom replied with a smile, Im so proud of you, Jack. You did it! Jack was so happy, he ran back down the hill and shouted, Im the best climber ever!Once upon a time, there was a girl called Sam. She was very brave, but when she saw something scary, she had to tremble. One day, Sam saw a messy room. There was lots of stuff lying around, so she decided to explore. Everywhere she went, she heard a strange sound. Sam soon realised it was coming from an old trunk. There were lots of treasures inside, so she decided to trade one of her own. She gave them her favourite toy and brought back a shiny bracelet. But when Sam put it on, things got messy. The bracelet started to tremble and glowed brightly! Sam quickly took it off, but she was still very brave. She knew she had made a good trade and nothing bad had happened in the end.Once there was a little girl named Daisy. She was very stubborn when it came to learning new things. She wanted to do everything on her own. One day, Daisys mom wanted to teach her daughter how to tie her own shoes. It was a hard lesson to learn. Daisy did not want to learn at first, but her mom kept trying. No matter how many times Daisy tried, she just couldnt remember how to do it. Finally, after many tries, Daisy remembered how to tie her shoes. From then on, Daisy was proud of her stubborn memory. Every time she put on her shoes, she reminded herself that patience and practice can help you come a long way!John and Jane liked to play. When it was time for their game, each of them took a piece. The pieces were bright, and there were a lot of them so everyone could play. John and Jane had lots of fun. They put their pieces together and arranged them in different shapes. They also took turns to make funny moves with their pieces. After a while, all the pieces were gone. There were no more pieces available, but John and Jane did not want to stop. So, they ran outside and when they found some sticks and stones they continued to play. They built a tall tower and made a funny house with the pieces. John and Jane had a great time. They laughed and smiled whenever they discovered something new and creative with their pieces. In the end, John and Jane were very happy. Playing with pieces was so much fun, and it was always available for them to enjoy!Once upon a time, there was a tall goat named Billy. Billy loved to eat grass and play in the sunshine. One day, Billy went for a walk in the woods. He saw a little girl named Lily who was struggling to carry a big basket of apples. Hello, little girl, said Billy. Do you need some help? Yes, please, said Lily. This basket is too heavy for me. Billy helped Lily carry the basket of apples all the way to her house. Thank you, Billy, said Lily. Youre a very kind goat. From that day on, Billy and Lily became good friends. They played together in the fields and ate apples under the tall trees. Billy was happy to have helped his new friend.The little boy wanted to go to the barn. He took his moms hand and pulled her in the direction of the barn. Mom Where do you want to go? Boy Barn! Mom Okay, lets go! They walked in the warm sunshine until they reached the barn. It was a big, red barn. The doors were big and the walls were thin. The boy had never been to a barn before. He was very excited. He looked around and noticed some chickens in a small cage, a thin horse in a nearby field, and some bales of hay in the corner. He reached up and touched the door. It was rough and cold. He looked up and squinted, thinking of what was inside the barn. Mom Are you ready to take a look inside? Boy Yeah! The boy followed his mom inside the barn. He was so thrilled and excited to explore!Lily liked to mark her books with stickers. She had many stickers of animals, flowers and stars. She put them on the pages of her favorite stories. She wanted to make them more pretty and fun. One day, she found a new book on the shelf. It was a big book with many pictures. She opened it and saw a story about a princess and a dragon. She was very enthusiastic. She wanted to read it and mark it with her stickers. She took the book and her stickers to the sofa. She sat down and started to read. She liked the story very much. She put a sticker of a crown on the princess, a sticker of a fire on the dragon, and a sticker of a castle on the last page. She was so happy that she did not hear her mom come in. Her mom saw her with the book and the stickers. She was not happy. She said, Lily, what are you doing? That is not your book. That is my book. You cannot mark it with your stickers. You have to take them off. Lily was surprised and sad. She did not know that it was her moms book. She thought it was a book for everyone. She said, Im sorry, mom. I like the story. I wanted to make it more pretty and fun. I did not want to make you angry. Her mom saw that Lily was sorry. She was not angry anymore. She said, Its okay, Lily. I understand. You like stories and stickers. But you have to ask before you mark someone elses book. Maybe we can find another book that you can mark with your stickers. Do you want to do that? Lily nodded. She said, Yes, mom. Thank you. Can we read the story together first? Her mom smiled. She said, Of course, Lily. I like the story too. Lets read it together. She hugged Lily and they read the story. They were both enthusiastic.Lily and Tom are friends. They like to play in the park. They see a big slide. Lily wants to go on the slide. Tom is scared. Come on, Tom. It is fun. You can do it, Lily says. I dont know, Lily. It is high. I might fall, Tom says. Lily holds Toms hand. She smiles with her lively eyes. She hopes Tom will be brave. Look, Tom. I will go first. Then you can follow me. It is easy. Just sit and slide, Lily says. Lily goes on the slide. She laughs and shouts. She lands on the soft grass. She looks at Tom. See, Tom. It is not scary. It is fun. Come on, Tom. You can do it, Lily says. Tom looks at the slide. He looks at Lily. He sees her lively eyes. He hopes he can be brave. He takes a deep breath. He sits on the slide. He slides down. He laughs and shouts. He lands on the soft grass. He looks at Lily. I did it, Lily. I did it. It was fun. Thank you, Lily, Tom says. Lily hugs Tom. She is happy. She is proud of Tom. You did it, Tom. You did it. You are brave. You are my friend, Lily says. They smile with their lively eyes. They hope they can play more. They run to the swings. They have fun. They are friends.Once upon a time there was a girl who wanted to be successful. She thought and thought about what to do, but nothing seemed to work. One night, when she was feeling very sad, she saw something sparkly in the sky and decided to make a wish. I wish to be successful, she said. Suddenly a magical button appeared in the sky and floated down towards her. She grabbed it and saw that it had success written on it. She decided to press the button and a cloud of sparkles surrounded her! The next day, the girl felt so happy. Everything was perfect and she was more successful than ever before. She was so happy with her success, she decided to sleep in a little longer. After a good nights sleep, the girl was feeling even more successful and smiled. She looked up at the sky and thanked the magical button for giving her the chance at success. The girl was so happy with her success, she decided to keep the button forever!Every Saturday, Henry would take his mule to the market to supply things to the people. Henry was a serious worker, always doing his best to make sure his customers got what they wanted. One sunny Saturday, Henry stopped by Mrs. Toms stand. She had been a regular customer of Henrys for many years. Mrs. Tom smiled at him. She said, Henry, I need some apples for my son. Can you supply me with some? Henry patted his mules head. Of course I can, Mrs. Tom, he said. He lifted a basket full of red apples off of the mule and handed it to Mrs. Tom. She thanked him and handed him some coins. You run a serious business, Henry, she said. Henry nodded, tipping his hat. Yes, I take this job very serious, he said. He thanked Mrs. Tom and continued on his way.Once upon a time, there was a wild lion. He lived in the jungle with his friends. One day, the lion saw a lemon on the ground. He picked it up and smelled it. The lemon was sour! The lion decided to wave the lemon at his friends to show them how sour it was. His friends laughed and made silly faces. The lion and his friends played all day in the jungle. They ran and jumped and roared. When the sun began to set, the lion said goodbye to his friends and went back to his den. As he lay down to sleep, he thought about the lemon and how it made him and his friends laugh. He decided that he would try to find more lemons tomorrow to share with his friends. The next day, the lion went on an adventure to find more lemons. He searched high and low and finally found a whole tree full of them! He picked as many as he could carry and ran back to his friends. When he got there, he waved the lemons in the air and his friends cheered. They all took a bite of the sour fruit and made silly faces again. The lion was happy that he could make his friends laugh and they all lived happily ever after.Once upon a time, there was a little beetle. He was very small and had a hard shell that protected him from danger. One day, he saw a piece of candy on the ground and wanted to eat it. But the candy was too heavy for him to lift. He tried and tried, but he couldnt lift it. Then, a big beetle came along and saw the little beetle struggling. The big beetle offered to help and lifted the candy for him. The little beetle was very grateful and thanked the big beetle. The moral of the story is that sometimes we need help from others, and its okay to ask for it. We should also be willing to help others when they need it.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Daisy. Daisy was only three years old and wasnt sure how to feel. She saw people wearing masks everywhere she went. She was confused and a little nervous. What did the masks mean and why were people wearing them? One day, Daisys mommy told her that the masks were to help keep people safe. Daisy didnt understand, so she asked her mom for help. Her mom explained that the masks help keep germs away from our nose and mouths. When we wear them, we dont get too close to each other and help keep everyone healthy. Daisy felt a bit better and less nervous when she understood why people were wearing masks.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with yarn. One day, she went outside to pick some pretty flowers. But when she came back inside, she was confused. She couldnt find her yarn anywhere! Lily looked all around the house, but still no yarn. She asked her mom and dad if they had seen it, but they hadnt. Finally, Lilys little brother came up to her with a big smile on his face. He had picked up the yarn and was playing with it! Lily was happy that she found her yarn, but a little confused why her brother had it. She gently took it from him and went back to playing with it. From then on, she made sure to keep her yarn in a safe place where her brother couldnt pick it up again.Once upon a time there was a little octopus who lived under the sea. One day, he was scared of the deep blue level where he lived, so he decided to move away from it. He swam to the surface and saw a wide, available beach. He was no longer scared and happily played around the beach. One day, he noticed two little children were playing in the water. He wanted to play with them, too. He stretched out his tentacles to reach the children, but alas! He scared them away. The octopus was sad, realizing his tentacles scared the children away. He learned a lesson Never do something that will scare other people away. He returned to the sea and continued living in a deep blue level, remembering his lesson and being happy without scaring people away.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Joe. He was three years old and enjoyed playing with his uncle. One day, Joe and his uncle went out in the garden to collect something. What do we need to collect, Uncle? asked Joe. Were going to collect leaves, replied his uncle. Joe and his uncle searched the garden and were so happy when they found some strong leaves. Joe carefully picked up the leaves and put them in a basket. Look how strong these leaves are, Joe, said his uncle, smiling. Joes smile got bigger and bigger. He was so proud of collecting the leaves with his uncle and couldnt wait to show his mom. They collected leaves in the garden until the sun began to set. Joe hugged his uncle goodbye and thanked him for a wonderful day.Once upon a time, there was an honest octopus named Ollie. He lived in the deep blue sea with his fish friends. Ollie loved to play games and share his toys with everyone. One sunny day, Ollie and his friends found a big ice block. They had never seen one before. They touched it and felt how cold it was. Ollie said, Lets play with the ice block and see what happens. As they played, the ice block began to melt in the warm sun. Ollie and his friends were amazed. Look, the ice is turning into water! said Ollies friend, Fin the fish. They splashed and played in the water until the ice block was all gone. Ollie and his friends learned something new that day. They had lots of fun playing with the ice block and watching it melt. They couldnt wait to tell their other friends about their adventure. And from that day on, they always looked for new things to learn and play with in their beautiful sea home.Once upon a time, there was a helpful dog named Spot. Spot liked to go for walks in the park. One day, Spot found a chain on the ground. Spot picked up the chain with his mouth and started to go back home. On the way, he saw a little boy who was sad. The little boy had lost his toy. Spot wanted to help the little boy. He gave the chain to the boy, but the boy was still sad. The chain could not make the boy happy. Spot felt bad and walked away.Jim and his Mom went to the park. It was perfect outside. Jim ran around and played tag with his Mom. He laughed and started to spin, faster and faster. âœCareful!â said his Mom. Jim didnât listen and he fell. He felt sad and started to cry. âœCome here,â said his Mom. She wiped away his tears and asked him a quiz. âœWhatâs two plus two?â âœFour!â said Jim, happy that he knew the right answer. âœVery good! You got it perfect.â Jim jumped up, excited that he had done well. He hugged his Mom and ran off to play again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to draw and write on her paper. One day, she was sitting under a big tree, wondering what to draw next. Suddenly, she saw a butterfly flying around her. Hello butterfly, what are you doing? asked Lily. I am searching for a calm place to rest, replied the butterfly. Lily thought for a moment and said, I have a calm place under this tree. You can rest here with me. The butterfly happily landed on the tree, and Lily started to draw it on her paper. She was so excited to write about her new friend and wondered what other creatures she could meet in her calm spot under the tree.Sam and Mia were twins who liked to play outside. They had a big yard with a tree and a swing and a sandbox. They also had a flag that their dad gave them. It was red and white and blue and had stars and stripes. Their dad said it was a special flag that showed they loved their country. One day, Sam and Mia decided to play with the flag. They took it from the porch and ran to the tree. They wanted to tie the flag to a branch and make it fly in the wind. They thought it would look pretty and fun. But when they got to the tree, they saw a big bird sitting on the branch. It was a hawk with sharp claws and a hooked beak. It looked at them with angry eyes and made a loud screech. Sam and Mia were scared and dropped the flag. They ran back to the porch and hid behind their mom. Mom, mom, theres a big bird in the tree and it scared us and we dropped the flag! they cried. Mom looked at the tree and saw the hawk. She also saw the flag on the ground. She was not happy. Sam and Mia, you know youre not supposed to play with the flag. Its not a toy. Its a symbol of respect and honor. You have to be obedient and take care of it. Now go and get the flag and bring it back. And dont let the bird scare you. It wont hurt you if you leave it alone. Sam and Mia nodded and said sorry. They were brave and went to get the flag. They picked it up and folded it neatly. They walked back to the porch and gave it to their mom. She smiled and hugged them. Good job, Sam and Mia. You did the right thing. Now lets go inside and have some cookies. And tomorrow, well rise the flag together and say the pledge. Sam and Mia smiled and followed their mom. They were happy and proud. They loved their mom and their dad and their flag and their country. And they learned to be obedient and respectful.One day, a boy named Tim went to the park with his mom. In the park, there was a big statue. The statue was very important to the people in the town. Tim saw a man with a truck near the statue. The man was trying to load the statue onto the truck. Tim wanted to help, so he asked the man, Can I help you load the statue? The man smiled and said, Yes, Tim. You can help me. This statue is important, and we are taking it to a new park. Tim and the man worked together to load the important statue onto the truck. When they were done, Tims mom said, Good job, Tim! You helped the man with the important statue. Tim felt happy because he helped the man and learned about the important statue in his town.Once upon a time, there was a rich little girl named Emily. Every day, Emily would climb up on the swing in her backyard. As she swung higher and higher, she imagined she was soaring high in the sky with the birds. One day, while Emily was on the swing, a big block of ice flew down from the sky and landed in her backyard! Emily was so excited! She hopped off the swing and ran up to the ice. She touched it and saw that the ice was very cold. Emily shouted to her mom, Mommy! I found some ice! Her mom came running and said, Oh wow! That is a big block of ice! What are you going to do with it? Emily thought for a moment and said, Im going to swing it! She grabbed the ice and used it like a swing. She swung it vigorously from side to side, laughing as the ice made a whooshing sound through the air. After a while, her mom said, Thats enough swinging for now, Emily. Lets put the ice in the freezer so we can enjoy an icy treat later! Emily smiled and said, Yes Mommy! She was happy to have her very own piece of ice that she could swing and enjoy!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She lived in a house with her mommy and daddy. One day, Lily was playing with her doll when she heard a loud noise outside. She looked out the window and saw a big, red fire truck. Lilys mommy came into the room and said, Lily, we need to be alert. There is a fire outside. We need to stay inside and drink some water. Lily got her sippy cup and took a big drink of water. She asked her mommy, Why is the fire truck here? Her mommy replied, There is a fire and the fire truck needs to put it out. Lily watched out the window as the firefighters sprayed water on the fire. She was happy that the fire was gone and she could go outside to play again.Once upon a time, there was a hippo who lived in the jungle. He was always happy and loved to play. One day, the hippo was playing with his friends when he noticed that two of the animals were arguing. The hippo got very upset and he shouted at them, telling them to stop quarreling. All the animals stopped and looked at the hippo. He was quite embarrassed, but the animals all thought he was brave. The hippo apologised to his friends and suggested they play a game. Everyone agreed, and they played and laughed until the sun went down. The quarrel had ended and the animals were happy to all be friends again. The hippo was glad his strong words had helped and he was no longer ashamed.Once upon a time, a little girl named Bella went for a walk. She wanted to find something great. Bella walked and walked until she saw a big tree. Under the tree, she saw a box. She opened the box and found a magic wand inside. Bella picked up the magic wand and said, I want to find more great things! The wand made a sound and suddenly, Bella saw a big pile of toys. There were dolls, cars, and even a big teddy bear. Bella was so happy to find all these great toys. Bella played with the toys all day. She knew the magic wand helped her find great things. At the end of the day, Bella took the magic wand back to the big tree. She put it in the box and said, Thank you, magic wand, for helping me find great things today. Bella went home with a big smile on her face, excited to tell her friends about her great day.Once upon a time, there was a very old bird who lived in a cosy nest. He wanted to soar through the sky like his younger, faster friends did. He tried and tried, but he just couldnt fly far. One day, a friendly fox found him and told him If you eat a special vegetable you can soar higher than anyone! The old bird was so excited! He asked the fox questions Where can I find this vegetable? How can I make it? the fox answered Theres a magical ancient vegetable. Go find it in the forest and it will help you to soar! The bird flew off to the forest and searched and searched. Eventually, he found the vegetable and ate it. Instantly, he felt much lighter and soon, he was soaring through the sky with so much energy! He was so happy and said Thank you Mr fox! Im so happy I can fly higher now!Mia and her family were driving down a long road. Mia was so excited that she couldnt keep still. Suddenly, they arrived at a special place Mias Grandmas house. They all ran in and found the trunk in the corner of the room. Mia was so excited. âœWhatâs in the trunk Grandma?â Grandma smiled. âœItâs something special. Iâm going to help you decorate it!â Mia was helpless and didnât know what to do. Grandma took out some paint, brushes and glitter. She said, âœLetâs paint the trunk and make it look extra special!â Mia and Grandma worked together, using all the decorations to make the trunk look extra special. After a few hours, they stepped back and admired their work. The trunk was so pretty and bright with colours. Mia smiled. âœThanks Grandma, I love our special trunk!âOnce upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy liked to visit his grandmas house. She always had yummy cookies for him to eat. One day, Timmy went to visit his grandmas house and he saw a ghost! The ghost was seethrough and floated in the air. Timmy was scared at first, but then he realized the ghost was friendly. Timmys grandma told him that the ghost was her friend and she had been trying to find him for a long time. Timmy was happy to help his grandma be successful in finding her friend. They all had a nice visit together and even the ghost got to try some of grandmas cookies. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved magic and wanted to learn how to do it. One day, she saw a cute bunny in the woods and tried to use magic to make it come to her. But it didnt work. Lily asked her mom, Why cant I do magic? Her mom explained, Magic is not real, its just pretend. You cant make things happen just by wishing for them. Lily was sad, but her mom had an idea. Why dont we make a magic wand together? It may not do real magic, but it will be fun to pretend. Lily was excited and they made a wand out of a stick and some glitter. She waved it at the bunny, and it hopped over to her. Lily was so happy and said, Its magic! Her mom smiled and said, No, its not magic, its just a cute bunny who likes you. And they both laughed and played with the bunny together.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily who loved her bed. She slept in it every night and it was her favorite place to be. One day, she noticed that the bed was getting old and creaky. She asked her mommy if they could replace it with a new one. Mommy agreed and they went to the store to look for a new bed. They found one that was big and comfortable. Lily was very happy and couldnt wait to sleep in it. The old bed was harmless, but the new one was even better. Now, Lily sleeps in her new bed every night and she loves it even more than her old one. Shes happy that they replaced it and now she sleeps soundly every night. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Jenny. Jenny loved pink and was very creative. She loved playing sports with her friends and dreamed of being a famous athlete one day. One day while she was practicing, Jenny saw two birds flying in the sky. She thought to herself, âœI wonder what it would be like to marry a bird?â Just then, a pink bird flew down and said to Jenny âœMarry me!â Jenny was so surprised that a bird was talking to her. She said, âœWhy do you want to marry me?â The bird replied, âœI think youâre very brave and youâre really good at sports. I want us to play together all the time!â Jenny thought it was a great idea, so she said âœYes!â The bird and Jenny got married and had lots of fun together playing all kinds of sports. They were very happy and Jennyâs dream finally came true.Lily and Ben are friends. They like to play in the park. They like to slide, swing and run. They have fun together. One day, they see a new girl in the park. She has long hair and a big hat. She has a bike with many colors. She looks different from Lily and Ben. Lily and Ben are curious. They want to talk to the new girl. They go near her and say hello. The new girl smiles and says hello back. She tells them her name is Mia. Lily and Ben admire Mias bike. They think it is pretty and cool. They ask Mia if they can try it. Mia says yes. She lets Lily and Ben ride her bike. They take turns and share. Lily, Ben and Mia become friends. They play in the park. They slide, swing, run and bike. They have fun together. They like each other. They do not care if they look different. They are happy.Once there was a friendly little kangaroo. She used to play in the big, green park every day. One day, she decided to go on an adventure and explore the park. The kangaroo saw a big tree and thought it would be fun to climb it. So she hopped to the trunk, and started to climb. Up and up she went, until she reached the top. From up there she could see the whole park. She felt so successful! But while she was basking in the view, her foot slipped and she fell all the way down. Luckily, there was a big, soft cushion nearby that the kangaroo fell on. She was so happy to have landed safely on the cushion, and she decided to stay there for a while and admire the view from her spot on the cushion. She had a wonderful time exploring the park.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a cute teddy bear that she loved very much. One day, Lily spilled some juice on her carpet and it made a big mess. She tried to clean it up, but it was too hard. Lilys mom saw the mess and asked her to clean it up. Lily didnt want to, but her mom made a request and said it was important to keep the house clean. Lily listened to her mom and cleaned up the mess. Afterwards, Lily felt proud of herself for doing the right thing. She learned that its important to listen to requests and keep things clean. From that day on, Lily made sure to keep her teddy bear and her carpet clean and tidy. The end.Once upon a time there was a little girl called Janet. She was three years old, and she was very special. She had a unique talent she could understand the pain of other people. One day, Janet was walking through the park with her mom. Suddenly, Janet stopped when she heard someone shouting. In the distance, she could see a little boy crying. Janet ran over to him. She asked him why he was upset. The little boy looked up at her. He said, I have a pain in my tummy and I dont know what it is. Janet put her hand on his tummy and said, Its okay. I know how to make it better. The little boy smiled. Janet rubbed his tummy in circles and softly hummed a song. After a few minutes, the pain went away. The little boy thanked Janet for her help. He was so happy to not have the pain anymore. With a smile on her face, Janet said goodbye and went back to her mom. Everyone in the park was amazed at how kind and unique Janet was.Once upon a time there were two friends, Sam and Molly. Sam had a bowl full of candy and said to Molly, you can have one candy but you must choose carefully. Do you want the bright green one, or the one with the stripes? Molly was so tempted, but she listened to Sam and chose the one with the stripes. Sam then said, Im also going to give you a normal bowl. You must now choose between the two. Do you want the bowl with candy or the one without? Molly thought hard and chose the bowl without candy. Sam smiled and said, Good choice Molly! Even though its hard to choose and you really wanted the candy, it is better to have something normal over candy any day. Molly smiled and said, Youre right, Sam! I learned a valuable lesson today and thats to always choose the normal bowl, not the one with the candy.Jack and Tina were married, but they were both very shy. They were so shy they wouldnt even talk to each other. Every day Tina would wash the dishes to try to make Jack happy. But Jack still stayed very quiet. One day Tina decided to ask Jack why he was so quiet. Jack, why dont you ever talk to me? she said. Jack didnt answer. He just kept washing the dishes. Tina was so angry she started to cry. Why dont you love me!? she shouted. But still, Jack said nothing. Tina ran away from the house, crying. Jack and Tina never talked again. They both stayed very lonely and shy, never being able to say anything to each other.Ben and Mia like to play with their toy rockets. They pretend they are space explorers and zoom around the room. They make loud noises and laugh a lot. One day, they find a big ball in the closet. It has many colors and shapes on it. Ben says, Look, Mia, this is a planet. Lets zoom to it and see what it has. They put the ball on the floor and zoom their rockets to it. They touch the ball and feel its bumps and lines. They see blue, green, brown, white, and yellow parts. Mia says, This planet is very pretty. I wonder what lives here. Ben says, Maybe there are animals or plants or people. Lets zoom closer and find out. He picks up his rocket and tries to fit it on the ball. But the rocket is too big and falls off. He tries again and again, but it does not work. Mia says, Ben, your rocket is too big for this planet. You need a smaller one. Here, take mine. It is smaller and can fit on the ball. She gives him her rocket and he tries it. It fits on the ball and stays there. Ben says, Thank you, Mia. You are very nice. Your rocket is perfect for this planet. Lets zoom together and explore it. They zoom their rockets on the ball and pretend they see different things. They have fun and learn new words. They are happy space explorers.Lily and Tom were twins who liked to play with their toys on the big rug in their room. They had many toys, but their favorite was a big train set that their dad had given them for their birthday. They liked to make the train go around the tracks and make noises like choochoo. One day, their mom came into their room with a serious face. She said, Lily and Tom, I have some bad news. We have to move to a new house, and we cant take the big rug or the train set with us. They are too big and heavy, and we dont have enough space in the new house. Im sorry, but you have to say goodbye to them. Lily and Tom were very sad and angry. They did not want to move or lose their favorite toys. They said, No, mom, no! We love the big rug and the train set! They are ours! You cant take them away from us! We dont want to go to a new house! Mom said, I know, sweeties, I know. But we have no choice. We have to go to the new house, and we have to leave the big rug and the train set here. Maybe you can receive some new toys in the new house, but you have to be brave and let go of the old ones. Come on, lets pack your other things. Lily and Tom cried and hugged the big rug and the train set. They did not want to pack or leave. They felt like their mom was taking away their happiness. They wished they could stay on the big rug and play with the train set forever. But they could not. They had to go to the new house, and they did not know if they would ever be happy again.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Amy. Every day, she was excited to go to the park to play. On this particular day, she found a lollipop lying on the ground. She was thrilled and quickly grabbed it with her tiny little hands. As she was about to eat it, she noticed a little boy walking towards her with his hands outreached. The boy said, I want the lollipop. Please give it to me. Give me the lollipop! But instead of giving it to him, Amy ignored him. She didnt say anything and just kept walking away with the lollipop. The boy became so frustrated and started to cry. He really wanted the lollipop and couldnt understand why Amy wouldnt share it with him. But Amy didnt care and continued to ignore him until she was out of sight. And that was the end of the lollipop drama. Amy went home happy with her lollipop, while the little boy went home sad and frustrated.Once upon a time there was a loyal bear named Ben. Ben loved to sing and he sang all of the time. Every day he would help make meals for his family. He would help his mom stir the pot and he always remembered to stir it for a long time so the meal would be extra tasty. Then one day his mom said he could pick any song he wanted to sing. Ben was so excited! He thought and thought about what song he would pick, but he couldnt decide. So, he just sang all his favorite songs. He sang so loudly that everyone in the house could hear him. When he was finished singing, his mom said he did a wonderful job. She said she was so proud of how loyal he was to his family. Ben smiled and said that he had lots of love for his family. Then he went off to bed, dreaming of all the songs he wanted to sing.Tim and Sam are young brothers. They like to play golf with their dad. Dad has a big bag with many sticks. He lets Tim and Sam use the small sticks. They hit the ball and try to make it go in the hole. One day, dad says he has to go to work. He tells Tim and Sam to be good and not touch his big bag. He promises to play golf with them when he comes back. Tim and Sam say okay and hug dad. But Tim and Sam are bored. They want to play golf. They see dads big bag in the garage. They think dad will not mind if they use his big sticks. They take the big sticks and go to the backyard. They hit the ball very hard. The ball flies far and fast. But the ball does not go in the hole. It goes over the fence. It hits the window of the neighbors house. The window breaks. The neighbor is angry. He comes out and yells at Tim and Sam. He says he will tell dad. Tim and Sam are scared. They run inside and hide under the bed. They hope dad will not be mad. They wish they had not touched his big bag. They wish they had kept their promise.Tim and Lily were friends who liked to play in the park. One day, they saw a big flag on a pole. The flag had many colors and shapes. Tim and Lily wanted to touch the flag, but they were nervous. They did not know if they were allowed to touch the flag. They saw a man who was sitting on a bench near the flag. He was wearing a hat and a badge. He looked like he worked at the park. Tim and Lily walked up to him and said, Hello, sir. Can we touch the flag? The man smiled and said, Of course you can. The flag is for everyone to enjoy. It is a symbol of our country and our freedom. You can touch it gently and respectfully, but do not pull it or tear it. Tim and Lily thanked the man and went to touch the flag. They felt the soft fabric and the different patterns. They learned that the flag had stars and stripes and that each one had a meaning. They felt happy and proud to touch the flag. The man watched them and smiled again. He was glad that Tim and Lily were curious and polite. He thought that they were good children who loved their country. He hoped that they would always respect the flag and what it stood for. The moral of the story is We should be respectful and curious about the symbols of our country and learn their meanings.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy had a friend named Sammy. They liked to play together every day. One day, Timmy noticed that Sammys toy was broken. He tried to fix it, but he couldnt. Sammy was sad and demanded a new toy. Timmys parents told him that he couldnt afford to buy a new toy for Sammy. Timmy was sad because he didnt want his friend to be sad. He thought and thought until he had an idea. The next day, Timmy brought a box to Sammys house. Sammy was curious and opened the box. Inside the box was a brand new toy! Sammy was so happy and hugged Timmy tightly. Timmy felt happy too because he made his friend happy. From that day on, Timmy and Sammy played together every day with their new toys. Timmy learned that its important to be a good friend and help others when theyre feeling dull.Once upon a time, there were two friends. They were walking in the park. The sun was shining and birds were chirping. The first friend spoted something shiny on the ground. It was a large magnet. He picked it up and said to his friend Look what I found! The friend said Wow, thats cool. Lets turn it around and see what else is inside! The first friend shook his head. No, thats not a good idea. We should leave it alone. Its probably someones property. But the second friend didnt listen. He grabbed the magnet and turned it around. Suddenly, a loud alarm went off. The two friends were scared and started to run. They ran as fast as their legs could carry them. When they looked back, they saw a police officer chasing them. They were so scared that they couldnt move. The police officer soon reached them and arrested them for stealing the large magnet. And thats how their story ended.Once upon a time, there was a goat. The goat had a horn on its head. The horn was very big and pointy. All the other animals thought the goat was popular because of its big horn. One day, the goat wanted to organize a party. It wanted to invite all the animals in the forest. The goat went around and told everyone about the party. The animals were excited to come to the party. The goat decorated the forest with balloons and streamers. When the party started, everyone had a lot of fun. They danced and played games. The goat was happy that it could organize such a great party with its big horn.Tom and Lily were friends. They liked to play and laugh. One day, they found a big box in the park. They opened the box and saw a lot of food. There were apples, bananas, cookies, and juice. Tom and Lily were hungry, so they decided to eat some of the food. But the food was not good. It was old and rotten. It smelled bad and tasted worse. The food was a joke. Someone had put it in the box to trick people. Tom and Lily did not know that. They ate the food and felt sick. They had stomach aches and headaches. They wanted to cry. They tried to find help, but no one was around. The park was empty and quiet. It was getting dark and cold. Tom and Lily were scared and alone. They wished they had not eaten the food. They wished they had gone home. They wished they had a cool mom or dad to feed them and hug them. But they had no one. They had only each other. And they had a bad joke.Once upon a time, there were two little girls named Candy and Timmy who were best friends forever. They were playing in the yard when all of a sudden Candy said, I know what a tornado is! Timmy was very excited, but she didnt quite understand what a tornado was. So, Candy explained, A tornado is a big swirling wind that moves very quickly! Timmy became scared and started to cry. Candy, being the bossy one, said, Dont worry, Timmy! Tornados are scary, but they cant hurt us! So, the two little girls played in the yard until the sun went down. From then on, they both knew what a tornado was.Once upon a time, in a big forest, there lived a little bunny named Ben. Ben was a happy bunny, but he didnt know much about the world. He was ignorant about many things. Ben had a job to find food for his family every day. One day, while Ben was looking for food, he started to feel very tired. He let out a big yawn. Just then, he saw a squirrel named Sam. Sam was also looking for food, but he was taking the food that Ben had found. Ben did not like this. He wanted to find food for his family, but Sam was making it hard. Ben decided to talk to Sam. He said, Sam, please dont take the food I find. I need it for my family. Sam looked at Ben and said, I need it for my family too. Ben thought for a moment and said, Maybe we can work together and find food for both our families. Sam agreed, and they became friends. From that day on, Ben and Sam worked together to find food for their families. They learned that sharing and helping each other was better than fighting. And Ben learned that even though he was ignorant about many things, he could still make friends and solve problems.Once upon a time there was a little girl who lived in a warm house. One day she wanted to sit down and have a snack. She went to the kitchen and found some oats. She poured them into a bowl and found a seat at the table. The girl was so excited. She carefully took her seat and started eating her oats. The oats were warm and tasted good. She smiled and continued eating. After she finished, the girl went outside to play in her warm garden. She was so happy and enjoyed running around in the sun. The end!Once upon a time there was a little girl called Mandy. She was so excited because she was going to her first bounce show. The stage was icy, but it made the show so much more exciting. At the show, Mandy bounced around like crazy. She jumped and bounced on the stage and the audience cheered and clapped. She did amazing flips and bounces and everyone was so impressed. After the show, Mandys parents took her out for a treat. Mandy was so happy because she had so much fun bouncing around on the stage. Now, whenever Mandy visits the bounce show she cant help but smile and bounce around. She loves it so much and will never forget how icy the stage was!Once there was a girl named Amy. She was very cute and adorable. Every day when she woke up, she went to work. Work was very fun for Amy, because she got to make different things. One day, she made some strips of paper. She drew and colored on them, and they were very beautiful. Amy was so proud of what she had made! Then she made something really fun with the strips she had. She put them together to make a pattern. It was really pretty, and Amy felt so happy. Every day after that, Amy went back to work and made more strips. She made more beautiful patterns and showed them to her family. Everyone said how cute and adorable they were. Amy was so proud that her work was so admired. From then on, she kept making more and more patterns with the strips she had made.Lily liked to play with her toys, but she did not like to share them. She had many toys, but her favorite was a cone that made sounds and lights when she pressed a button. She always kept the cone in her room and never let anyone touch it. One day, her cousin Sam came to visit. Sam was younger than Lily and he liked to explore. He saw the cone on Lilys bed and wanted to play with it. He reached for the cone, but Lily saw him and shouted, No! Thats mine! Go away! She grabbed the cone and shut the door in Sams face. Sam felt sad and hurt. He did not understand why Lily was so mean. He went to the living room and found some other toys to play with. He found a ball, a car, a doll, and a book. He had fun with them and shared them with Lilys mom and dad. Lily heard Sam laughing and wondered what he was doing. She opened the door and peeked outside. She saw Sam playing happily with the other toys and her parents. She felt a little jealous and curious. She wanted to join them, but she also wanted to keep her cone. She decided to take her cone with her and go to the living room. She hoped that Sam would not touch it again. She walked slowly and carefully, holding the cone close to her chest. But as she reached the stairs, she tripped and fell. The cone flew out of her hands and landed on the floor with a loud crash. It broke into many pieces. It did not make any sounds or lights anymore. Lily cried and cried. She had lost her favorite toy. She wished she had been nicer to Sam and shared her cone with him. Maybe then it would not have broken. She realized that being selfish and rude was not a good way to treat others. She learned that toys are fragile, but friendship is strong. She said sorry to Sam and asked him to play with her. Sam forgave her and hugged her. They played together and had fun. Lilys mom and dad smiled and praised them. They were proud of their children.Lily loved to play in the garden. She liked to look at the flowers and the bugs and the birds. One day, she saw something shiny in the grass. She went closer and saw a tiny fairy with wings. The fairy was hurt and could not fly. Hello, fairy, Lily said. Are you okay? The fairy looked at Lily and smiled. Hello, little girl, she said. I am not okay. I fell from the sky and hurt my wing. Can you help me? Lily nodded. She picked up the fairy gently and put her in her hand. She ran to the house and showed her mom. Mom, look! I found a fairy in the garden. She needs help. Mom was surprised. She had never seen a fairy before. She took the fairy and wrapped her wing with a bandaid. She gave her some water and honey. There you go, fairy, she said. You will be better soon. You can stay with us until you can fly again. The fairy thanked mom and Lily. She felt safe and happy. She told them stories about the sky and the stars and the other fairies. Lily and mom listened and smiled. They became friends with the fairy. They started to believe in magic.Ben and Mia are going to the park with Mom. They put on their coats and hats and shoes. Mom helps them zip their coats. Zip, zip, zip. They are ready to go. They walk to the park and see the swings and the slide and the sandbox. Ben runs to the swings and Mia follows him. They take turns pushing each other. Whee, whee, whee. They have fun on the swings. Then they hear a loud noise. Roar, roar, roar. They look up and see a big plane in the sky. It is flying fast and making a lot of noise. Zip, zip, zip. They watch the plane until it is gone. They go back to the swings and play some more. Then Mom says it is time to go home. They say bye to the swings and the slide and the sandbox. They walk back with Mom. They unzip their coats. Zip, zip, zip. They are ready to go inside.Once upon a time there was a little girl called Alison who was very excited to travel. She had a special cube that she wanted to take with her. Alison said goodbye to her mom and jumped onto the bus with the cube in her hands. She was so excited. The bus went all the way to the beach and Alison loved it. At the beach, Alison couldnt stop looking at the sea. She was even more excited when she saw how big the waves were. She ran around the beach and played with the cube. It was getting late, and Alison had to go home. She said goodbye to the beach and took the bus back to her house. She was happy to have gone on such a fun travel that day.Ben and Sam are brothers. They like to play with cars. One day, they see a big red car in the shop. It has lights and sounds and can go very fast. They want to buy the car. They ask their mom. Mom, can we buy the car? It is great! they say. Mom looks at the car. She says, No, you cannot buy the car. It is too expensive. You have many cars at home. You do not need another one. Ben and Sam are sad. They cry and beg. Please, mom, please! We love the car! We will share it and take good care of it! they say. Mom says, No, I said no. Stop crying and come with me. We have to go home now. Ben and Sam are angry. They do not listen to mom. They run to the car and grab it. They try to take it out of the shop. But the shopkeeper sees them. He shouts, Hey, you! Stop! You cannot take the car! You have to pay for it! The shopkeeper runs after them. He catches them and takes the car back. He calls mom. He says, Your boys tried to steal the car! That is very bad! You have to pay for the car or I will call the police! Mom is shocked and ashamed. She says, I am so sorry! I did not know they did that! They are very naughty! I will pay for the car and punish them! She pays for the car and takes Ben and Sam home. She is very angry. She says, You are in big trouble! You will not play with any cars for a long time! You will go to your room and think about what you did! Ben and Sam are very sorry. They wish they did not take the car. They wish they listened to mom. They cry and say, We are sorry, mom. We made a big mistake. We will never do it again. But mom does not hear them. She closes the door and leaves them alone. They do not have the car. They do not have any cars. They do not have any fun. They have a bad ending.Once upon a time there was a small girl called Lucy. She had so much energy and loved to explore. One day, she decided to visit the village square. As she walked through the streets, she found the most beautiful fountain. The fountain was so large and sparkled in the sunshine. Lucy was so excited and decided she must have it. She ran over to the fountain and asked the man who stood next it if she could buy it. The man smiled and said Im sorry, but Im afraid I cant sell you this fountain. It is a very special fountain and cannot be bought or sold. Lucy looked so sad and said Please, I really want it. Im sorry, but I have to have the fountain. The man sighed and said Well, if it will make you happy, you can have the fountain. But, I still cant sell it to you. Its a gift. Lucy was so excited. She thanked the man and hugged the fountain. She said goodbye and ran home with her fountain. Lucy was so happy and understood that special things should not be sold.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play soccer with his friends. His goal was to score a goal and win the game. One day, Timmys friend Billy fell down and hurt himself. Timmy asked, Are you fine, Billy? Billy said, Yes, Im fine. But I cant play anymore. Timmys team was losing and they needed Billy to play. Timmy said, Please, Billy. We need you to play. Can you speak to your mom and come back? Billy said, Okay, Ill speak to my mom. But when he came back, he brought bad news. His mom said he couldnt play anymore because he was hurt. Timmys team lost the game and Timmy felt sad. He learned that sometimes things dont go as planned, but its important to still be kind and ask if someone is fine.Lily liked to design boats. She used paper, glue, and crayons to make them. She wanted to sail them on the pond. But she had a problem. Her brother Ben was very nosy. He always wanted to see what she was doing. He would take her boats and play with them. He would break them or lose them. Lily was sad and angry. One day, Lily had an idea. She decided to make a special boat for Ben. She used paper, glue, and crayons to make it. But she also added something else. She put some pepper inside the boat. She hoped that Ben would sneeze when he opened it. She thought that would teach him a lesson. She left the boat on the table and went to the pond. She sailed her other boats and had fun. She waited for Ben to come and find the boat. She wanted to see his face when he sneezed. But Ben did not come. He was busy with something else. He did not see the boat on the table. He did not touch it or open it. He did not sneeze. Lily came back from the pond. She saw the boat on the table. She was curious. She wondered if Ben had seen it. She picked it up and opened it. She saw the pepper. She sneezed. She sneezed again and again. She felt silly and sorry. She realized that her idea was not very nice. She wished she had not done it. She learned a lesson. She learned that being nosy is not good. But she also learned that being mean is not good either. She decided to be more kind and respectful to her brother. She hoped that he would do the same to her. She thought that maybe they could design boats together and have more fun.Once there was a small seed. It started growing but it was lonely and wanted to find a home. It looked around but everything seemed so big and hard. After a while the seed found a little sink. The sink was soft and warm and the seed decided to stay. The seed began to grow and it was so happy! Every day, it grew bigger and bigger. Soon it was too big for the sink. It needed to move to a new home. So the seed looked and looked. Finally, it found a place. It was a hard spot, but it was perfect. The seed started to grow again. Before long, it was a big and beautiful plant. The plant was so happy to have a new home. It waved in the wind and smiled in the sun. The seed had grown so much since it was first planted. And it was so happy to have a place all its own.One day, a little pig and a little duck were playing in the mud. They liked to splash and roll and make funny noises. They did not see the farmer who was watching them from behind a fence. The farmer was very hungry and wanted to eat the pig and the duck for his dinner. He thought they were stupid and easy to catch. He had a big net and a sharp knife. He waited for the right moment to sneak up on them. Hey, pig, look at me! the duck said. I can flap my wings and fly in the air! The duck jumped and flapped and flew a little bit. The pig clapped his hooves and laughed. Thats amazing, duck! the pig said. You are so clever and brave! I wish I could fly like you! The farmer saw his chance. He ran towards the pig and the duck with his net and his knife. He threw the net over the pig and grabbed the duck by the neck. The pig and the duck were scared and screamed. Help! Help! The farmer is here! He wants to eat us! they cried. But it was too late. The farmer was stronger and faster than them. He put them in a sack and took them to his house. He cooked them in a big pot and ate them for his dinner. He was very happy and full. He did not care that the pig and the duck were his friends. He was a bad and greedy farmer. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, she went to the park with her mom. Lily saw a butterfly and wanted to catch it. Her mom said, Be careful, Lily. We have to protect the butterfly. Lily saw a boy playing on the slide. He was very loud and not being quiet. Lilys mom said, Lets go play somewhere else. Its too noisy here. Lily and her mom found a quiet spot to play. They saw some kids playing a game. One kid said, I want to win every time! Lilys mom said, Its not fair to always win. Everyone should have a turn to win. Lily had a lot of fun at the park that day. She learned that its important to protect animals, be quiet when needed, and play fair with others.Once upon a time there was a little shrimp. He loved going on adventures and exploring the big, wide sea. One day he decided to make a long journey across the bays and around the rocks. But the little shrimp was very tired. He needed to stop and rest. He swam into a quiet sheltered cove and there he found a big, cozy sandy spot. The little shrimp lay down and he was soon fast asleep. In the morning, the little shrimp woke up feeling refreshed. He decided to finish his journey and headed out back into the open sea. He swam and swam, until finally he reached the end. The little shrimp had finished his journey and now he was back home.Once upon a time there was a little girl. She was very strong and loved to play with her stuffed animals. She had four of them, and each one was special to her. But one day something bad happened. The little girl dropped one of her stuffed animals down the stairs and it ripped. The little girl was very sad. She began to cry, saying No, no, no! She wished that she could repeat the day and be careful with her special stuff this time. But the little girl realized that life was not like that. That no matter how much she wanted it to, the past could not be undone. Instead, she had to take what had happened and learn from it. The next morning, the little girl was extra careful with her stuffed animals. She held them close when she was going down the stairs, and always made sure to put them in a safe place when she wasnt playing. The lesson she learned was clear. No matter how strong you think you are, its always important to be careful with the stuff that is special to you.Once there was a large kangaroo. He really liked to talk. He spoke to all the animals in the forest, even the ones he had never seen before. He would ask them all kinds of questions, and they would answer. One day, he decided to go on a journey. He wanted to talk to as many animals as he could. He jumped and hopped through the tall grass, and he stopped to talk and laugh with everyone he saw. Soon enough, he made his way to a beach. He was so excited. There were so many new animals to meet and talk to, like the seagulls and the crabs. He spent hours talking and learning about the sea creatures. Finally, the large kangaroo had to go home. He said goodbye to all the animals and thanked them for talking to him. Then, he hopped back to the forest, chatting with the animals all the way.Teddy and his friends were feeling hot and sweaty. Lets go to the beach, said Teddy. All of his friends cheered with excitement. When they got to the beach, they saw the most beautiful blue water. Teddy and his friends ran to the water and jumped in. They splashed around and laughed. But the sun was starting to dry them quickly. Teddy looked around and said, I have an idea. Lets build a sandcastle! All his friends clapped their hands and shouted, Yes! They dug around and scooped up the sand. The sand was warm and dry under Teddys waist. Teddy told his friends his original plan. He wanted to build a big castle. His friends all began to help. They worked together, stacking the walls higher and higher. Soon after, the beach was filled with the most amazing sandcastle. Everyone who passed admired its originality. Teddy and his friends had done it! The sand was still warm and dry, but now their castle stood proudly by the beach.It was a tidy sunny morning when Emily, a three year old, set out on her adventure. She was very excited to explore the world around her. As Emily continued to walk, she noticed that the sky had turned dark and it started to rain. She was scared and didnt know what to do. Emily thought of going to the nearby subway station to wait until the rain stopped. When Emily got to the subway station, she felt safe and secure. She looked around the station and saw different people. She felt overwhelmed and wanted to find someone familiar. Just then, Emily saw her mom coming towards her in the station. She was so glad to see her mom and ran towards her. Her mom gave her a big hug and then they decided to go back home. Back home, Emily and her mom were both very relieved that they were safe and sound. Although the rain had caused a bit of a fright, everything was now tidy again. Emily would never forget this special adventure!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Molly. She was three years old. She loved to play with her colorful scarves. One day she asked her mom if she could help cook for dinner. Her mom smiled and said, Of course! Molly helped her mom mix together all the delicious ingredients for the dinner. When it was done her mom tasted it and said, This is delicious!. Molly wanted to taste it too, so she asked for a spoon. Her mom said, No, you have to wait until after dinner. Molly was sad, but she waited patiently. At dinner time, her mom said, Molly, you did such a great job helping to make this delicious dinner! Here, have a little taste. Molly tasted it and smiled. The moral of the story is to be patient and wait for the right time. If you wait, youll be rewarded. And if you work hard, youll be proud of your accomplishments.Tim and Kim were twins who liked to play in the snow. They made a big snowman with a hat, a scarf and a carrot nose. They gave him two eyes and a mouth with coal. They named him Sam. One day, a new boy came to their street. His name was Max. He had a sled and a dog. He saw Tim and Kim playing with Sam. He wanted to join them, but he was shy. He did not know how to ask. He waited until Tim and Kim went inside for lunch. Then he ran to Sam and took his hat and scarf. He put them on his sled and rode away with his dog. He thought he was very clever. But Tim and Kim saw him from the window. They were very angry. They put on their coats and boots and ran outside. They shouted at Max to give back Sams hat and scarf. They chased him down the street. Max was scared. He did not want to fight. He realized he had been mean. He stopped his sled and gave back Sams hat and scarf. He said he was sorry. He asked Tim and Kim if he could join them and be their friend. Tim and Kim looked at him. They saw he was not bad, just unknown. They decided to give him a chance. They said he could join them and play with Sam. They invited him to their house for lunch. Max was happy. He thanked them and smiled. He had made new friends.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Sarah. She was three years old and she was very excited to visit the temple. Before they went to the temple, Sarahs mom reminded her to be good and behave. Once they arrived at the temple, Sarah started exploring. She saw the warm sun and the colorful flowers. She sat on the grass and felt the warmth of the sun. Then Sarah saw a beautiful statue of an angel. She went to the statue and asked if it could talk. The angel said, âœYes, but first you must behave. Can you do that?â Sarah nodded her head and said, âœYes, I can behave.â The angel smiled and said, âœGood. Now, letâs talk.â After that, Sarah and the angel talked for a long time about the temple and everything Sarah saw. She learned lots of interesting things and thanked the angel for the warm day.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his favorite toy truck. One day, Timmys mom asked him to clean up his toys. Timmy didnt want to stop playing, so he started to tear up his room. His mom was very angry and sad. The result was that Timmys mom took away his toy truck. Timmy was very sorry for what he did. He promised to never tear up his room again. But it was too late, his toy truck was gone forever. Timmy learned that its important to listen to his mom and be responsible for his actions.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tom. He lived in a house with his mommy and daddy. Tom was very eager to play outside, but his mommy told him to finish his lunch first. Toms neighbor, Mrs. Smith, saw him eating and said, Hello, Tom! What are you eating for lunch? Tom replied, Im eating a sandwich with peanut butter and jelly. Its yummy! Mrs. Smith smiled and said, That sounds delicious. Dont forget to wash your hands when youre done eating. Tom finished his lunch and ran outside to play. He had so much fun that he forgot to come inside when his mommy called him for dinner. But his neighbor, Mrs. Smith, saw him playing and reminded him to go inside for dinner. Tom thanked her and went inside to eat with his family.Once upon a time, there was a farmer who had a cow. The cow was very obedient and always listened to the farmer. One day, the farmer and the cow went to the field to play catch. The farmer threw a ball and the cow caught it with her mouth. The farmer said, Wow, you are a good catch, cow! The cow replied, Thank you, farmer. I like to play catch with you. Suddenly, the farmer threw the ball too far and it landed in a nearby pond. The cow said, Dont worry, farmer. I can get the ball for you. The cow jumped into the pond and retrieved the ball. The farmer was very happy and said, You are not only obedient, but also very helpful. Thank you, cow!Once upon a time, there was a jolly little elf named Jingle. He loved to play with his friends and make toys. One day, Jingle heard a bell ringing in the distance. He followed the sound and found a lost reindeer. Jingle knew he had to help the reindeer find its way home. Jingle asked his friends to help him. They searched high and low until they found the reindeers home. The reindeer was so happy to be reunited with its family. To thank Jingle and his friends, the reindeers family gave them a special bell. Jingle was so excited to have the bell. He knew it would make a great addition to his toymaking. He added the bell to a toy he was making for a little boy. When the boy received the toy, he was so happy to hear the bell ringing. And Jingle was happy too, knowing he had helped the reindeer and made a little boys day.Once upon a time there was a very jolly rabbit called Timmy. He lived in a wood with all his friends. Every morning he would spring around the tree, hopping and skipping as far as he could. One morning, Timmy decided to race his friends. He and his friends sprang around the tree together, hopping and skipping faster and faster. Timmys friends cheered him on as he raced and soon enough, he was declared the winner. You did it!his friends said. Im the fastest! said Timmy. Here, said his friends, âœtake this lovely trophy as a reward. Timmy was delighted to receive the trophy and couldnt thank his friends enough. He ran home with the trophy and proudly showed it off to his family. However, the next morning, Timmy had a surprise for his friends. When they arrived, Timmy was holding a bigger trophy, one he had made from clay and twigs. I wanted you all to have a trophy, he said, âœIn return for all the fun you give meâ. His friends were so touched that Timmy had chosen to give back to them. From then on, Timmy and his friends shared their wins. They learned the important lesson that even when you win, you can still find joy in sharing it with others.Cathy was a nosy little girl. She loved to explore and she was always curious. One day when she was playing in the park she saw a lemon! It was yellow and round and it was on the ground. Cathy was so excited. She picked up the lemon, held it tightly and started to dance. She twirled around the park, spinning and laughing! The other people at the park saw Cathy dancing and laughed too. They thought she was so cute and happy. Everyone started to dance with her and soon the park was filled with people! By the time Cathy had finished, the lemon was squished. But she still had fun, and everyone else did too!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. Lily had a purple dress that she loved to wear every day. One day, Lilys dress got caught on a tree branch and it tore. Lily was sad because her dress was broken. Lilys mom saw her sad face and asked, Whats wrong, Lily? Lily replied, My dress is broken. Can you fix it? Her mom said, I cannot fix it, but we can change it. Lets go to the store and find a new purple dress for you. Lily was happy again and they went to the store. They found a new purple dress that Lily loved even more than her old one. She put it on and twirled around happily. Lilys mom smiled and said, Im glad we could change your broken dress into a pretty new one.Anna was a gifted girl. She could read and write and draw very well. She liked to learn new things and make friends. But sometimes she felt different from other kids. They did not always understand her or play with her. One day, Anna went to the mall with her mom and dad. They wanted to buy some clothes and toys for her. Anna saw a big book store and asked if she could go inside. Her mom said yes, but only for a little while. Anna ran to the book store and looked at all the books. She found one that had pictures of animals and plants. She wanted to read it. She opened the book and started to read. She learned about lions and tigers and bears. She learned about roses and sunflowers and cacti. She was so happy and curious. She did not notice that her mom and dad were looking for her. They were worried and scared. They asked the people in the mall if they had seen Anna. But no one had. Anna was so into the book that she did not hear her name. She did not see the time. She did not know that the mall was closing. She turned the page and saw a picture of a whale. She wanted to learn more about it. But then she heard a loud voice. It was a man who worked in the book store. He said that the store was closed and everyone had to leave. He saw Anna and told her to come with him. Anna was scared and confused. She did not want to leave the book. She did not want to go with the man. She did not know where her mom and dad were. She started to cry and struggle. She held the book tight and said no. The man tried to take the book from her and pull her out of the store. He was angry and impatient. He did not understand why Anna was acting like that. But then Anna heard another voice. It was her mom. She had found Anna and came to get her. She hugged Anna and said sorry. She said that she was looking for her everywhere and that she was so happy to see her. She said that Anna was a gifted girl and that she could keep the book. She said that they had to go home and that they would read the book together. Anna smiled and said yes. She let go of the book and took her moms hand. She said sorry to the man and thanked him. She said goodbye to the book store and walked out of the mall. She was still curious and happy, but also relieved and grateful. She had learned a lot today, but also missed her mom and dad. She was glad that they were together. She was a gifted girl, but also a normal kid.Once upon a time, there was a little girl. She was finding things to do and she touched everything in sight. Suddenly, she noticed a spider. She was so excited that she touched it. The spider scooted away from her and hid in the corner. The little girl was embarrassed. Even though she had meant no harm to the spider, she thought it must have not liked her touching. She felt bad and wished she could do something to help. She got an idea. She said a kind word to the spider and told it that it was safe. The spider slowly came out of hiding and soon the two were friends. She learned that sometimes kindness was the best way to make someone feel better!Once upon a time, there was a wise owl who lived on a big tree. He loved to sit on his porch and watch the world go by. One day, a little rabbit came to visit him. Hello, Mr. Owl! said the little rabbit. What are you doing? Im just sitting on my porch and enjoying the view, replied the wise owl. I wish I could see the world like you do, said the little rabbit. You can, said the wise owl. Just remember to always drive your own life. Dont let others tell you what to do. The little rabbit thought about what the wise owl said and thanked him for the advice. From that day on, the little rabbit drove his own life and made his own choices. And he lived happily ever after.Freddy the cat was having a great day. He went for a drive in his car around the neighbourhood. When he was driving, he saw his good friend, the dog sitting outside. Freddy waved as he drove past and the dog barked back. Freddy was feeling happy, so he decided to do something special for his friend. He drove to the store and bought some of the tastiest treats he could find. Then he drove back home to deliver the treats. When he arrived back, the dog was so excited to see him. He immediately started sniffing the treats. Freddy was so pleased with his task and gave the dog the treats. The dog ate them all so quickly, it was obvious how tasty they were! Freddy drove away with a big smile on his face. He was sure he had made his friend the happiest dog in the world.Once upon a time there was a young boy named Jack. He wanted to go to sleep, so he grabbed his favorite blanket, went in his bedroom, and began to tie his blanket tightly around his body. He asked his mom, Mommy, why do I have to tie my blanket like this? His mom smiled and said, Because when you tie your blanket like this, it keeps you nice and warm. That way you can have sweet dreams and be happy. Jack was satisfied with his moms answer, and a big smile spread across his face. He tightened the blanket onefinal time, and the knot kept it secured. He was happy, snuggled up in his cozy blanket. He soon drifted off to sleep and had the most wonderful dreams.Once upon a time, there was a fierce bear on the hunt. He was looking for something special and so he set off on a long journey. He ran and he ran until he found a locked door. He tried to open it, but he couldnt. He waited and waited, but still the door was locked. Finally, the bear huffed and he puffed until the door finally unlocked! He opened the door and found a delicious feast waiting for him. He gobbled it up and was so happy that he had unlocked the door. Then, the bear huffed and he puffed and he went on his way.Once upon a time, there was a kind girl named Lily. She lived in a big jungle with many animals. One day, Lily saw a leopard who was hurt. She wanted to help the leopard, so she managed to get close to him and give him some food. The leopard was happy and grateful to Lily. They became friends and played together every day. But one day, the leopard got scared and attacked Lily. She was hurt badly and couldnt move. Lily cried out for help, but no one came. The leopard felt sorry, but it was too late. Lilys kindness had led her to a bad ending.Once upon a time there were two little birds who lived in a tree. One of the birds was named Tim. The other little bird was named Tam. One day they were singing and enjoying the nice weather when suddenly the sky became grey. Tim and Tam looked up and saw that it was starting to snow. They both froze in surprise. The snow was heavy and ugly, and Tam was scared. Tim said, Dont worry, Tam. We can stay warm by flying up to the top of the tree. Come on, lets go! Tam was a bit worried. Flying up high was harder for her because she was heavier than Tim. But Tam was brave, so she followed Tim and together they flew up to the top of the tree. From there, they could stay safe and warm. The two birds huddled close together, and Tim said, See Tam, dont worry, because here we can be safe and warm. Tam smiled at Tim and said, Thank you, Tim. Im so happy we found a way to stay safe and warm!Sam liked to play with insects. He liked to watch them crawl and fly and make noises. He had a jar where he kept some of his insect friends. He gave them grass and water and talked to them. One day, Sam brought his jar to school. He wanted to show his teacher and his classmates his insects. He was very proud of them. He put his jar on his desk and waited for the bell. But Tom, who sat next to Sam, did not like insects. He thought they were gross and scary. He wanted to tease Sam and make him cry. He waited for Sam to look away and then he opened the jar. He took out one of the insects and threw it at Sam. Look, Sam, your insect is flying away! Tom laughed. How do you like that? Sam was very sad and angry. He saw his insect fall on the floor and get stepped on by someone. He felt like he lost a friend. He wanted to hit Tom, but he knew that was wrong. He looked for help. He saw Lily, who sat behind him. Lily was a dependable friend. She always helped Sam when he was in trouble. She saw what Tom did and she did not like it. She picked up the jar and closed it. She gave it back to Sam and hugged him. Its okay, Sam, dont listen to Tom. He is mean and silly. Your insects are cool and nice. I like them too. Do you want to show them to me? Lily asked. Sam nodded and smiled. He felt better. He opened the jar and showed Lily his insects. He told her their names and what they liked to do. Lily listened and asked questions. She was very interested and kind. Tom saw Sam and Lily talking and playing. He felt jealous and lonely. He wished he had a friend like Lily. He wished he had not teased Sam. He realized he was wrong and he felt sorry. He wanted to say sorry, but he did not know how. He looked down and said nothing.One day, a little boy named Tim went to the farm with his mom. They wanted to observe the animals. Tim saw a big goat. The goat was elderly and had a long beard. Tim liked the goat very much. Mom, can I touch the goat? Tim asked. His mom said, Yes, but be gentle. Tim slowly touched the goats soft fur. The goat made a funny sound, Baaaaaa! Tim laughed and the goat seemed happy too. Every day, Tim and his mom visited the elderly goat. They fed it, and Tim played with it. They became good friends. The goat and Tim had many fun days together at the farm.Once there was a little girl. Her name was Emily. Emily was playing with her blocks. She had lots of colourful blocks. They were round blocks and square blocks. Today, Emily chose a yellow brick. It was the biggest yellow brick. She held it in her hand. Emily looked up at the sky and said, What should I make with this yellow brick? Suddenly, she heard a voice from above. It was a little bird. The bird said, Make a castle with your yellow brick, Emily! Emily smiled. She set to work building a castle with her yellow brick. When she was finished, it was a beautiful castle. Emily said, Thank you, little bird! The bird flew away. Emily was happy she had chosen the yellow brick.Once upon a time, in a deep, deep forest, there lived a big bear named Bobo. Bobo was very sleepy. He yawned a big yawn. Bobo wanted to find a nice place to sleep. Bobo walked and walked. He saw many trees and lumber. He found a nice, soft spot near the lumber. This is a good place to sleep, he said. Bobo lay down and closed his eyes. Soon, a little bird named Chirpy came by. Chirpy saw Bobo sleeping by the lumber. Wake up, Bobo! Chirpy said. You cant sleep here. The lumber might fall on you! Bobo opened his eyes and yawned again. Thank you, Chirpy, he said. You are a good friend. Bobo and Chirpy looked for a new place to sleep. They found a safe spot under a big tree. Bobo lay down and slept. Chirpy watched over him. The moral of the story is to always help your friends and keep them safe.John wanted to ride his kite. Every day he went to the park and he would fly it in the sky. His kite was yellow and very big. One day when he was flying it, he got so tired that he had to sit down and rest. He stayed in the park for a long time and enjoyed the fresh air. When he was done, he took his kite and went home. He was so happy that he had the chance to ride his kite that day.Once upon a time there was a baby named Joe. He was only three years old and he was very curious. One day Joe was playing in his room when his mum came in and gave him a bottle. Joe was very happy and hugged his mum. His mum said âœJoe, be a good boy and behave for mummy. Iâm going to make dinner and need you to stay in your room.â So Joe played with his bottle gently. He made sure to be very quiet and listen to his mum. He was good and stayed in his room until his mum came back to check on him. When she came back she was very pleased. âœGood boy, Joe! You were so gentle and behaved. You get to stay in your room and play with your bottle.â Joe smiled and hugged his mum. Joe was very happy he had behaved. Now he could keep playing with his bottle and be a good boy. He was so proud of himself. And everyone was happy with him.Once there was a little girl named Clara. She was very small, but she knew a lot of things. Every morning she would go out and whistle. She would look up at the planet in the sky. One day, she saw something very strange. It was a big, red planet with rings around it. Clara was very curious. She thought and thought about what it could be. She decided to ask someone. She met a very friendly old man who was sitting nearby. When she asked him what the planet was, the old man whistled with delight. He told her it was Saturn, and it was very special in the sky. He said it was good to be thoughtful when looking up at the stars. Clara smiled and thanked him for the knowledge. The next day, she went outside and whistled with joy. She looked up at Saturn and thought about what the old man had told her. She was so thankful for being able to see this special planet every day.Max had a red box. It was big and heavy. Max knew it was special because his father said it was true. Every day, Max would take the box and look inside. He would take the lid off and peek in the box. But, his father always told him not to open it. He said the box was too heavy for him to open. He said he had to wait until he was old enough. So, Max kept the lid on the box. He put it back in its special place. He waited and waited and waited. Finally, Max was old enough to open the box. He carefully opened the lid and looked inside. It was full of amazing toys! Max cheered! He was so excited to have all these new toys. He thanked his father and they played with the red box toys all day. What was inside the box? It was true, it was true what his father said!Once upon a time, there was a dependable dog named Spot. Spot loved to play with his friends in the park. They would run, jump, and have lots of fun. One day, Spot found a big bag of rice. He thought it would be fun to bury the rice and play a game with his friends. So, he dug a big hole and put the rice in it. Then, he covered it with dirt. Spot called his friends to play a game of finding the rice. They all looked and looked, but they could not find it. Finally, Spot showed them where the rice was. They all laughed and had a great time. Spot was a very dependable friend.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Anna. She was three years old. One day, Anna went to a restaurant with her family. She was so excited! At the restaurant, there was a big blue menu behind the counter. Anna peeked at the menu, but it was too difficult for her to read. Instead, she asked her mommy to help her. Mommy helped Anna to order one delicious ice cream. It was a big scoop of vanilla in a bright blue bowl. Anna was so happy! She wanted to try the yummy ice cream. She smiled and said Delicious! The end.Jack was very excited. He had just seen a leopard. It was walking in the garden. Jack wanted to keep it as a pet, but his mum said it was too hard. So Jack thought of a plan. He went and talked to his neighbours. He asked them if they wanted to buy the leopard. They all said yes. Jack was so happy! He sold the leopard to his neighbours. They paid Jack some money and took the leopard away. It was so easy. Jack was very happy. He had earned some money and he could go buy himself a toy. Life was good!Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy was a good boy who always listened to his parents. He was very obedient. One day, Timmy got a cold and had to go to the doctor. Timmy did not like going to the doctor because he was scared of shots. He hated shots. When Timmy got to the doctors office, he saw other kids waiting too. They looked scared too. But Timmy remembered that he had to be obedient and listen to the doctor. The doctor gave Timmy some medicine and told him to rest. Timmy felt better soon. After that day, Timmy was not scared of going to the doctor anymore. He knew that the doctor was there to help him feel better. Timmy was happy that he was obedient and listened to the doctor.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She lived in a big house with her mom and dad. One day, Lily went outside to play and saw a big mill in the distance. She ran over to see it up close. The mill was very tall and had big blades that spun around and around in the wind. Suddenly, Lily heard her mom calling her name. She ran back to the house and saw that her little brother had spilled his juice all over the floor. Her mom was very angry and said she would punish him by making him clean it up. Lily felt sad for her brother, but knew he had to learn not to make a mess. That night, Lilys mom made a bitter vegetable for dinner. Lily didnt like the taste, but she knew she had to eat it all or else her mom would punish her too. After dinner, Lily went to bed and dreamed about the big mill. She hoped one day she could go back and see it again.Lily and Tom were playing hide and seek in the garden. Lily was the seeker and Tom was the hider. Lily counted to ten and then looked for Tom. She saw a big bush with green leaves and smelled something nice. She thought Tom might be hiding behind the bush. She walked to the bush and peeked behind it. She saw Tom sitting on the ground with a bunch of herbs in his hands. He was chewing on some of them and making funny faces. Tom, I found you! Lily said. What are you doing with those herbs? Tom looked at Lily and smiled. Im eating them. They taste good and make me feel funny. Do you want some? He offered Lily some herbs. Lily was curious and took a bite. The herbs were bitter and spicy. She did not like them at all. She spit them out and made a yucky sound. Tom, these herbs are gross! Why do you eat them? Lily asked. Tom shrugged. I dont know. I just like them. They make me dizzy and happy. Come on, lets eat more and play some more. Lily shook her head. No, thank you. I dont want to eat more. I dont want to be dizzy and happy. I want to be normal and safe. These herbs are not good for you, Tom. They might make you sick or hurt you. We should stop eating them and tell Mommy. Tom frowned. No, I dont want to stop. I dont want to tell Mommy. I want to eat more and more. You are no fun, Lily. Go away and leave me alone. Lily felt sad and scared. She did not like how Tom was acting. She did not want to leave him alone, but he did not listen to her. She ran away from the bush and looked for Mommy. She wanted to tell her what Tom was doing and ask for help. But it was too late. Tom ate too many herbs and got very sick. He fell asleep and did not wake up. Mommy found him and cried. She called the doctor, but he could not help. Tom was gone. Lily lost her brother and her friend. She wished she had never peeked behind the bush. She wished Tom had never eaten the herbs. She wished they had played a different game. She wished they had a happy ending.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a white teddy bear that she loved very much. One day, Lily noticed that her teddy bears battery had run out and it wouldnt move anymore. She asked her mom for help and they went to the store to buy a new battery. At the store, Lily saw a sign that said Batteries for Sale. She pointed to the sign and said Look, Mommy! Batteries! They found the right battery for her teddy bear and went back home. Lilys mom put the new battery in the teddy bear and it started moving again. Lily was so happy and hugged her teddy bear tightly. She said Thank you, Mommy. Now my teddy bear is happy again!Jimmy was 3 years old. He loved sports. He wanted to sign up for a sport, but he did not know which one. He went to the park with his mom. He saw a lot of kids playing baseball. He liked the old ball and bat. He asked his mom if he could sign up for baseball. His mom said yes, and the next day she took Jimmy to the park. The coach asked Jimmy to sign a paper. Jimmy was happy. The coach showed Jimmy how to catch and hit the ball. He said he was a natural. Jimmy was very proud. Jimmy kept practicing and soon he was playing in the games. He kept playing longer and longer, and soon he was an expert at baseball. Jimmy loved being part of a team and playing a sport that he loved.Once upon a time there was a chubby pigeon called Pete. He lived at the park and dreamed of soaring high in the sky like the other birds. Peteâs friend Lucy noticed how excited he was and asked him why. âœI want to soar in style like the other birdsâ he said. Lucy smiled and offered to help. âœLetâs practice flying togetherâ she suggested. So every day they flew a little higher and Pete practiced moving his wings to make smooth turns. Finally, one day Pete was ready and he took off in the sky with Lucy beside him. He spread his wings wide and soared up into the clouds. His style was perfect and his heart was filled with joy. âœThis is the best feeling ever!â Pete yelled. He glided through the sky, feeling chubby and proud.Once upon a time, there was a little bear named Benny. Benny loved to play in the woods with his friends. One day, Benny and his friends went on an adventure to find a hidden treasure. They searched high and low, but they couldnt find it. Benny thought they should tell the truth and ask for help. Suddenly, they saw a glow in the distance. They followed the glow and found the treasure. Benny was so happy that he jumped up and down!Once upon a time, there was a big cloud. The cloud was scary. It was dark and loud. The cloud had lightning inside it. One day, the cloud wanted to spread. It moved and moved. The lightning went with the cloud. The cloud went over a small town. The people in the town saw the cloud. They saw the lightning. They were scared. They ran inside their homes. The cloud moved away. The people were happy again. The scary cloud and lightning were gone.Once upon a time, there were two friends named Carlos and Jessica. The two always loved to play together in the garden. One day, when the Sun was shining and the birds were singing, Carlos and Jessica were playing a game of hide and seek. Carlos decided to hide behind a big tree and he waited for Jessica to search for him. But Jessica was too fast and found him almost immediately! Carlos was so excited when Jessica shouted I found you! Just then, a big, fluffy dog came walking past. Jessica thought the dog was so adorable, so she shouted Lets play with the puppy! But the puppy was too scared and ran away. Carlos was determined to make the puppy come back so he said, Lets give him some milk. Maybe hell surrender to us. So Jessica and Carlos took a bowl of milk and placed it in the garden. They waited for the puppy to come back. After a few minutes, he eventually returned and started to slurp up the milk. Carlos and Jessica hugged him and said goodbye. From then on, the puppy became the three friends.Tim and Tom are brothers. They like to play with their toys and eat snacks. But sometimes they fight over who gets what. One day, their mom makes meat for lunch. She puts two plates on the table, one for Tim and one for Tom. Here you go, boys. Eat your meat and veggies. They are good for you, mom says. Tim and Tom run to the table. They both want the bigger piece of meat. They grab the same plate and pull. Let go! This is mine! Tim shouts. No, its mine! I saw it first! Tom yells. They tug and tug until the plate falls to the floor. The meat and veggies splatter everywhere. Mom hears the noise and comes back. What happened here? mom asks. She is angry. Tim is selfish! He took my meat! Tom says. No, Tom is selfish! He took my meat! Tim says. Mom shakes her head. She is disappointed. Boys, boys. You should share and be nice to each other. Meat is not the most important thing. Love is. Now you have no meat and no lunch. And you have to clean up this mess. I dont permit you to fight like this. Do you understand? mom says. Tim and Tom look at each other. They feel sorry. They nod. Yes, mom. We understand. We are sorry, they say. They hug and say sorry to each other. They help mom clean up the floor. They eat some bread and cheese instead. They learn their lesson. They promise to be less selfish and more loving. Mom smiles and hugs them. She is proud.Once upon a time, there was a small girl named Daisy. Daisy was too young to take care of herself, so she had to ask her mom for help. One afternoon, Daisy asked her mom, âœMom, Iâm hungry. What is for dinner?â Her mom said, âœDaisy, Iâm sorry but dinner is going to be a bit rough tonight. We are all out of food.â Daisy was very sad. She did not want to be hungry at dinnertime. She asked her mom, âœMom, can I be in charge of dinner tonight?â Her mom smiled and said, âœDaisy, go ahead and try. See what you can find in the cupboard.â Daisy went to the cupboard and looked around. She was able to find some crackers and a few pieces of fruit. She brought this back to the kitchen and made herself a dinner. When she was done, she proudly showed her mom her dinner. Her mom smiled and said, âœDaisy, you did a great job. Good thing you were able to find something for dinner.â Daisy smiled, knowing that even though dinner was a bit rough, she was able to make it special.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. He had a cool toy car that he loved to play with. One day, Timmys friend Billy came over to play. Billy saw Timmys toy car and wanted to play with it too. Timmy didnt want to share his toy car because he thought Billy might break it. Billy got upset and started to cry. Timmy felt bad and started to think about what he could do to make Billy feel better. Then, Timmy had an idea. He suggested they play with Billys cool toy truck instead. Billy was happy again and they had fun playing together. Timmy learned that sometimes sharing is a cool thing to do and it makes everyone happy.Once upon a time, there was a tall twig that wanted to travel. It bounced and skipped around the garden, but it soon found itself wanting to go further. With the wind in its favor, the twig fluttered away, flying high up in the sky. It zoomed over fields and streams, and saw many new places. It even flew so close to a bright, white cloud that it thought it could touch it! The twig was so excited from its journey, it wanted to show off all its new discoveries. So, it returned to the garden, leaving its tall twigfriends feeling very inspired. From then on, they all decided to travel together and explore even more of the world together.One day, a little girl named Lily went to the zoo with her mom. They saw many animals like lions, tigers, and bears. But Lilys favorite animal was the kangaroo. She loved how they hopped around and carried their babies in their pouches. As they were watching the kangaroos, Lily saw a noisy bird flying above them. Mommy, look at that noisy bird! she said. Suddenly, the bird dropped a feather and it landed on the kangaroos head. The kangaroo didnt like the feather on its head and started shaking it off. Lily laughed and said, Silly kangaroo, you dropped the feather! Her mom smiled and said, Lets go see the monkeys now. And off they went to see more animals at the zoo.One day, a little girl named Amy was playing with her new toy. She was so happy and excited, she didnt care that she was being very noisy and wouldnt stop making noise. Suddenly, her mom came into the room and gave her a big, quiet slap on the hand. Amy felt very upset and began to cry. Her mom said, We must always be quiet and not make too much noise. She then grabbed a bar of chocolate and gave it to Amy to make her feel better. Amy stopped crying and smiled. She and her mom hugged, and then ate the delicious chocolate together. Amy learned an important lesson that day always be quiet and dont make too much noise!Once upon a time there was a clever little girl. She wanted to find a way to get to the playground. But no matter how hard she tried, she just couldnt figure out how. She asked her mommy for help and her mommy said, lets build a way for you to get to the playground. So the clever little girl and her mommy began to build a way. They worked all day and night, but in the end they made a wonderful way! It was so amazing that the clever little girl was so excited and happy she ran down the path to the playground. Everyone was so impressed by the intelligent way the clever little girl had made to get to the playground. From then on, she always had a way to get to the playground and was so proud that she had built it.Once upon a time, there was a playful puppy named Max. Max loved to play with his toys and run around in the yard. One day, Maxs owner gave him a new toy axe to play with. Max was so happy and ran around with it in his mouth. Maxs owner said, I permit you to play with the axe, but you must be careful. Max wagged his tail and continued to play with the axe. Suddenly, Max accidentally hit a rock with the axe and it broke into pieces. Maxs owner was sad that the axe was broken, but he was happy that Max was okay. From that day on, Max played with his toys and ran around in the yard, but he never played with an axe again.One day, a lazy gorilla decided to make a new friend. He looked around and saw a little boy sitting near the zoo. The gorilla walked over to him. Hi, who are you? said the gorilla. My name is Mike, said the little boy, smiling. Do you want to be friends? asked the gorilla. Yes! said Mike. So the lazy gorilla and Mike played together every day. They would climb trees and swing from vines. Mike even fed the gorilla bananas every once in a while. After a few months, the gorilla and Mike became the best of friends. Whenever Mike was feeling lazy, the gorilla would give him a big hug and it always made him feel better. From that day on, the lazy gorilla and the little boy were always happy to be together.Tom liked to play with his birdcage. He had a yellow bird inside that sang to him. He named the bird Sunny. Tom wanted to show Sunny to his friend Lily, who lived next door. He put on his shoes and lifted the birdcage with both hands. He walked out of his house and across the street. Look, Lily, this is my bird Sunny! Tom said, holding the birdcage in front of him. He can sing very well. Do you want to hear him? Lily nodded and smiled. She liked birds too. She reached out to touch the birdcage, but Tom pulled it away. No, you cant touch him. He is mine. Only I can touch him, Tom said, feeling jealous. Lily felt sad and angry. She wanted to touch the bird too. She thought Tom was being mean. She decided to play a trick on him. She said, Okay, Tom, I wont touch him. But can you do something for me? Can you spin around with the birdcage very fast? I want to see how Sunny likes it. Tom thought that sounded like fun. He liked to spin around and feel dizzy. He said, Okay, Lily, I will do it. Watch me! He started to spin around with the birdcage, faster and faster. He felt the wind in his hair and the sun in his eyes. He laughed and said, Look, Lily, I am spinning! Sunny is spinning too! Lily watched him and waited for the right moment. When Tom was very dizzy, she said, Now, Tom, let go of the birdcage! Throw it in the air! Sunny will fly and be happy! Tom was too dizzy to think. He did what Lily said. He let go of the birdcage and threw it in the air. He saw the birdcage fly up and then fall down. He heard a loud crash and a sad squeak. He stopped spinning and looked at the ground. He saw the birdcage broken and Sunny lying still. He felt a pain in his chest and tears in his eyes. He had killed his bird. Lily saw what happened and felt sorry. She didnt mean to hurt Sunny. She only wanted to make Tom share. She ran to Tom and said, Im sorry, Tom, Im sorry. I didnt know it would break. I didnt know Sunny would die. Please forgive me. But Tom didnt hear her. He was too sad and angry. He pushed her away and ran to his house. He locked the door and cried. He hated Lily. He hated himself. He wished he could have Sunny back. But he couldnt. Sunny was gone. And so was his friend.Once upon a time there was a boy. He was 3 years old. His name was Tommy. Tommy was troubled. He had a toy gun. It was his favorite toy. One night Tommy was playing with his gun. He wanted to keep it safe. So he decided to put it in a box. But Tommy accidentally left the box outside in the rain. The next morning, Tommy realized the gun was wet. He started crying and his mommy came over to help. Mommy used an old towel to dry the gun. She shined it and cleaned it up until it was just like new. Tommy was very happy and his troubles went away. And they all lived happily ever after.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved surprises and always kept her eyes open for something new and exciting. One day, Lilys mom gave her a bright, shiny toy car as a surprise. Lily was so happy that she kept the car with her all the time. She would play with it during the day and keep it close to her at night. One evening, Lilys little brother saw the car and wanted to play with it too. Lily didnt want to share her surprise toy, but her mom told her that it was important to keep her brother happy too. So, Lily decided to share her surprise with her brother and they played together happily. From that day on, Lily realized that keeping her loved ones happy was more important than keeping her toys to herself.Once upon a time there was a little boy named Joe. Joe was three and he was very brave. Joe had a best friend, a horse named Sally. One day Joe said to Sally, Lets go on an adventure! Sally said, Yes! Lets go! So off they rode into the woods. When they arrived in the woods, Joe saw a little house. He decided to knock on the door to see who was inside. An old man opened the door and said, Yes, can I help you? Joe asked the old man, Can I borrow your whip? The old man chuckled and said yes. Joe thanked him and grabbed the whip. The two friends went deeper into the woods. Pretty soon they saw a helpless fox that was stuck in a bush. Joe said, I can help this fox! He used the whip to help the fox get out of the bush. The fox thanked Joe and Sally and then ran away back into the woods. Joe and Sally smiled and happily rode back home.Once upon a time there was a happy little girl. Her name was Sarah and she had the biggest smile. She loved to wander in the sunshine and one day, she asked her mom if she could go alone. Her mom said yes and gave her permission. So Sarah skipped away, singing as she went. She wandered through the sweet smelling field, watching the butterflies flutter in the air. The grass was so soft beneath her feet and the sun was so warm on her face. Sarah stopped at the edge of the field and saw a friendly rabbit hopping around. She hopped closer, wanting to pet the rabbit, but it was too scared and hopped away. Sarah was sad and started to cry. Suddenly, something amazing happened! Sarah heard a voice as if from far away. It said, âœYou can pet the rabbit if you are gentle.â Sarah smiled and quietly moved forward, and with a soft touch and kind words, the rabbit allowed her to pet it. Sarah and the rabbit were friends after that day. They would meet at the edge of the field, greeting each other with friendly smiles. Sarah was so happy, and her mom was proud that she had listened and been so gentle.Once there was a boy. His name was Ben. Ben was a happy boy and he liked to play with his friends. One day Bens friends did something weird. They said mean things and threatened to hurt him. Ben was very scared. He started to cry. His friends saw he was sad and said they were sorry. Ben smiled a little, but he was still scared. Then his mommy came. She said nobody should ever threaten one another and Ben felt safe. He was happy when his mommy hugged him and the threat was gone. Its ok Ben, his mom said. Ben smiled again and stopped crying.Once upon a time, there was a little girl who loved to fly. She would flap her arms and pretend to be a bird. One day, she saw a real fly and tried to catch it. But she accidentally knocked over a vase and broke it. She felt embarrassed and scared that her parents would be angry. The little girl tried to make things peaceful by cleaning up the mess. But she cut her finger on a piece of glass and started crying. Her parents came in and saw what happened. They were upset and scolded her for not being careful. The little girl felt sad and ashamed. She didnt want to fly anymore. She learned that accidents can happen and sometimes things dont end well.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her dolls and run around in the park. One day, she went to the park with her mommy and daddy. She was having so much fun on the swings and the slide that she forgot to eat her snack. Later that day, Lilys mommy asked her if she had eaten her snack. Lily realized she had forgotten and felt a little sad. Her mommy explained that sometimes our brains forget things, but its okay because we can always remember later. Lily felt better and promised to remember to eat her snack next time. From that day on, Lily made sure to take snacking seriously so she wouldnt forget again. She was happy that her mommy taught her about the brain and how sometimes it can forget things.Lily and Max were playing in the park. They saw a big box with some toys inside. Lily wanted to play with a shiny crown. She put it on her head and said, I am a queen. You have to do what I say. Max did not like that. He wanted to play with a car. He said, No, you are not a queen. That is a fake crown. It is not real. It is made of plastic. Lily was angry. She said, It is not fake. It is real. It is very pretty. You are just jealous. I hate you. Max was sad. He said, I dont want to play with you anymore. You are mean. You are not my friend. He took the car and ran away. Lily was left alone with the crown. She felt sorry. She did not really hate Max. She liked him. She wanted to play with him. She took off the crown and ran after him. She said, Max, wait. I am sorry. I dont hate you. You are my friend. Can we share the toys? Max stopped and looked at her. He saw that she was sorry. He smiled and said, Okay. I am sorry too. You can be a queen if you want. And I can be a king. We can play together. They hugged and went back to the box. They found a car and a crown that matched. They put them on and played happily. They were friends again.Once upon a time, there was a bear who wanted to climb the mountain. He was strong and brave, but he was a bit scared too. He wasnt sure if he could make it all the way up. So, he asked his friends for help. One of them showed him a loop on the side of the mountain. It was a path that he could use to climb to the top. He looked at the loop and felt brave again. Soon, he had scaled the whole mountain and there at the top, the bear was welcomed by a compassionate stranger. She told him about how she had seen him struggling on the mountain and had been watching him the whole time. The bear thanked the compassionate stranger and was happy that he had made it to the top of the mountain. He had used the loop to get there. From then on, whenever he had tough times, the bear would always remember the loop. He knew that he could use it again to climb out of any tough situation.Bob was a little boy. He was very shy. He was walking in the woods one day when he saw something beautiful. What is that? he asked. Thats a flame! said a voice from the tree. Bob looked up and saw a little blue bird perched on a branch above him. Hi! said Bob. Hi! said the little blue bird. Would you like to grab the flame? Bob was too shy to reach up and grab the flame. He shook his head and said, No, Im too scared. The little blue bird smiled. You dont have to be scared, it said. I will help you. The little blue bird flew down and grabbed the flame with its beak. It flew back to the branch and set the flame down beside Bob. There, said the little blue bird. Now you can take the flame and take it home with you. Bob smiled and gently grabbed the flame. He thanked the little blue bird and continued on his way, feeling much less shy.Once upon a time, there was a little girl who had a jeep. She loved to drive her jeep around her neighborhood. Every night, she pretended her jeep was a race car and went super fast. One day, the little girl was feeling a bit nervous. She had been asked to lie to her mom. She didnt want to lie, but she was scared her mom would be mad at her. She decided to take her jeep out for a drive to make her feel better. She hopped in the jeep and drove around the block. As she drove, the nervous feeling started to go away. The fresh air and the safe jeep made her feel much better! When the little girl got home, she decided to tell the truth to her mom. She was no longer scared and the truth had to be told. She was very proud of herself and never drove her jeep when she was feeling scared again.Tom and Jack were very excited. They were about to get some news. Tom went to the kitchen to prepare for the news. He got a bowl of water and a cloth. He then started to clean a dirty table. Jack came to help too. He brought a stool so he could reach the top of the table. Soon, the table was clean and Tom set out some chairs for them to sit on. The door opened and Tom and Jacks mum came in with the news. She smiled and said the news was very special. She said they were going on a holiday! Tom and Jack were so happy! They jumped up and cheered! They hugged their mum and thanked her for the special news. Then they started to prepare for their holiday. They washed their clothes and packed their bags. Tom and Jack were so excited for the trip they had been preparing for.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the sunshine. One day, she found a gray stone on the ground. It was very pretty, so she picked it up and held it in her hand. Lily showed the gray stone to her mommy and daddy. She told them how she found it outside. They thought it was very nice, too. They all went outside to look for more stones. Lily and her family found many more stones. Some were big and some were small. They were all different colors, but Lilys favorite was still the gray one she found first. She loved to hold it and tell stories about it.Once upon a time, there was a little bunny named Binky. Binky loved to hop around and play with his friends. One day, Binky noticed a bottle of wine on the ground. He knew that wine was not good for little bunnies to drink, so he decided to tell his friends to stay away from it too. But one of Binkys friends, a mischievous squirrel named Sammy, didnt listen. Sammy drank some of the wine and got very upset. Binky tried to help Sammy feel better by giving him some water and a carrot to eat. Sammy learned his lesson and promised to always listen to Binky from then on. The moral of the story is that sometimes we may see things that are not good for us, but its important to notice them and make the right choices. And if we make a mistake, our friends will be there to help us feel better.Once, there was a little girl called Mary. Mary was only three years old, but she was so excited to go outside and play. She put on her jacket and ran out the door. But when she looked outside, everything was so still and gray. Mary waited, wanting the sun to strike the sky and make it blue. She waited and waited but nothing happened. The little girl was so sad and starting to feel impatient. She looked up and saw a big, bold ray of light strike the sky. Its bright colors filled the sky until it was nice and blue. The sun shone warmly and Mary smiled. She ran outside and started playing in the sunshine.Once upon a time there was a little boy. He was so hungry, he couldnt think. He wanted to find a place to get something to eat. He looked around and found a big house. He knocked on the door to ask if they could fix him something to eat. The family inside the house were so kind. They opened the door and said, Come in little boy. We will fix you something to eat. The little boy was so happy and went inside. The family gave him a big plate of food. He ate it all up, it was yummy. When he was finished, the family took him to a special place. It was cozy and comfortable inside. The little boy had his own bed to sleep in. The family said, See, you can stay here. We fixed you a place to sleep. The little boy was so thankful. He thanked the family and went to sleep in his cozy bed. He was no longer hungry and he was so happy. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside with her friends in the park. One day, Lilys mom told her that they needed to leave the park because a big storm was coming. Lily didnt know what a storm was, so she asked her mom. Her mom explained that a storm was like a really strong wind and rain that could be very dangerous. Lily was scared, but her mom told her not to worry because they were going to be safe at home. As they walked home, Lily saw the sky getting darker and the wind getting stronger. She knew that her mom was right about the storm. When they got home, they watched the news and saw that there was a hurricane coming. Lily thought the hurricane sounded amazing because she had never seen anything like it before. But her mom told her that hurricanes were very dangerous and they needed to stay inside until it was over. Lily was sad that she couldnt play outside with her friends, but she knew that staying safe was more important.Once there was a little girl called Lucy. She was very intelligent and wanted to learn a lot of new things. One day she was playing with her toys when she felt a strange touch on her back and she turned around. There she saw an ugly creature and it scared her! She felt a wave of fear and quickly ran away from the creature. The creature was called an ogre and it was very upset that Lucy had run away. It wanted someone to suffer alongside it and felt lonely and angry. The ogre looked around and eventually found a wizard. The wizard wasnt as intelligent as Lucy, but was still quite clever. The ogre asked the wizard to help it. The wizard thought about it for a while and then agreed, for he felt sorry for the Ogre and knew it was suffering. So the wizard and the ogre worked together and eventually the ogre was happy again.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy had a little sword that he loved to play with. He would swing it around and pretend to be a brave knight. One day, Timmy went to the park to play with his sword. But then, he saw a big dog that made him worry. The dog barked loudly and Timmy felt scared. He didnt know what to do. Suddenly, a bigger boy came and scared the dog away. Timmy was happy that he was safe, but he felt sad that he couldnt protect himself. From that day on, Timmy decided to practice with his little sword every day so that he could be brave like the bigger boy.Once upon a time, there was an original violin. It was very shiny, with strings that shone like diamonds. Nobody understood why it was so special. One day, a small three year old girl found the violin. She took it in her tiny hands and held it up close. She looked at it with big eyes, and studied it all over. The little girl started to understand the specialness of the original violin. She began to pluck the strings. The notes made a beautiful sound. She smiled as she heard the music. Suddenly, the little girl had a brilliant idea. She grabbed a bow, and started to move it back and forth. As she did this, the violin strings made a more musical sound. She had discovered the art of playing the violin. The little girl had now come to understand the power of the original violin. She beamed with pride as she continued to play the violin like a pro.One day, a young boy named Tom went to the park with his mom. He saw a big slide and wanted to go on it. But there was an old man sitting on the slide. He looked sad and angry. Mom, can I go on the slide? Tom asked. Sure, honey, but you have to ask the man nicely if he can move, Mom said. Tom walked up to the man and said, Hello, sir. Can I please go on the slide? The man did not answer. He just frowned and looked away. Tom felt bad. He wondered why the man was so unhappy. He decided to try again. Sir, Im sorry if you are sad. Do you want to talk to me? Tom said. The man looked at Tom with surprise. He saw that Tom was not mean or rude. He saw that Tom was kind and curious. The man smiled a little and said, Well, hello, young man. You are very polite. Im sorry I was rude to you. Im just feeling lonely and bored. I used to love going on the slide when I was your age, but now I cant. Tom felt sorry for the man. He had an idea. Why dont you go on the slide with me? Tom said. It will be fun. I can help you. The man thought for a moment. He felt a spark of joy in his heart. He nodded and said, Okay, why not? Lets go on the slide together. Tom and the man got up and climbed the stairs to the top of the slide. Tom held the mans hand and said, Ready, set, go! They slid down the slide, laughing and screaming. They felt the wind in their hair and the sun on their faces. They felt happy and free. Mom watched them from the bench. She smiled and thought, What a wonderful thing. A young boy and an old man became friends on the slide.One day, a little infant named Tim was playing with his toys. He was a very important baby because he was the first baby in his family. Tims mommy and daddy loved him very much. Tim saw a big toy he wanted to play with. He said, Mommy, I want that toy! His mommy said, Okay, Tim. But you must share with your friend, Lily. Tim did not want to share. He wanted the toy all for himself. Tim took the toy and did not share with Lily. He said, No, this is my toy! Lily was sad and cried. Tims mommy was not happy. She said, Tim, you must share or you will not play with the toys. But Tim did not listen. He kept the toy and did not share. Tims mommy took the toy away. Tim was sad and cried. He learned that not sharing can make others sad and take away the fun.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim liked to play with his ball. He would kick it all day. One day, Tim saw a fire in the forest. The fire was big and hot. Tim was scared. A careless bird had dropped a stick from the fire into the dry leaves. The fire grew bigger and bigger. Tim wanted to help put out the fire. He thought of his ball and had an idea. Tim kicked his ball into the fire. The ball rolled over the fire and put it out. The forest was safe again. Tim was happy that he could help. Everyone thanked Tim for being brave and smart.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to go on adventures with her family. One day, they went on a trip in their car. Lily sat in the back seat with her brother, Max. As they drove down the road, Lily noticed a noisy sound coming from the trunk. Whats that noise? she asked her mom. Its probably just some things bouncing around in the trunk, her mom replied. Lily and Max were curious, so they asked if they could see what was in the trunk. Their dad pulled over and opened the trunk. They saw lots of bags and boxes, but one box was making the noisy sound. When they opened the box, they found a toy car that Max had forgotten to put away properly. Im sorry, Max said. I didnt know it would be so noisy. Lily forgave him and they all continued on their adventure, happy to have solved the mystery of the noisy trunk.Once upon a time, there was a little tank named Tommy. Tommy loved to push things around with his strong wheels. One day, Tommy saw a big tank named Bob. Bob was not very compassionate and liked to push other tanks around. Tommy was scared of Bob, but he knew he had to stand up to him. So, Tommy pushed Bob with all his might. Bob didnt like being pushed and got angry. He started to chase Tommy around. But Tommy had a plan. He led Bob to a muddy puddle and pushed him in. Bob got stuck and couldnt move. Tommy felt compassionate and decided to help Bob out of the mud. From that day on, Bob learned to be more compassionate and didnt push other tanks around anymore. Tommy was happy he stood up to Bob and made a new friend.Once upon a time, there was a bunny named Benny. Benny loved to eat carrots. One day, Benny went to the carrot patch, but he saw that it was empty. He felt sad because he wanted a carrot to eat. Benny saw a boy walking by and asked, Can you fill the carrot patch with carrots? The boy replied, Sure, I can do that. The boy went to his garden and brought back lots of carrots. He filled the patch with them. Benny was so happy! He ate a carrot and said, This carrot is delicious! The boy said, Im glad you like it. I grew them myself. Benny replied, Thank you for filling the patch with carrots. Youre not terrible, youre nice! The boy smiled and said, Youre welcome, Benny. Im happy to help.Once upon a time there was a jungle. It was a very noisy jungle filled with animals. In the middle of the jungle, was a big pond. It was so shiny and pretty. One day, a little frog went to the pond to take a big jump in. He was looking forward to a nice soak. Just as the frog was about to jump, a noisy parrot came and perched on a nearby branch. The parrot cawed loudly and the little frog froze in fear. He sat still for some time until the parrot flew away again. Then the frog was able to jump into the pond. His body felt so nice and cool and he had a great soak. After his swim, the frog hopped away, content with his noisy day in the jungle.Once upon a time there was a bald infant. He was only three years old. Every day, the bald infant would do lots of fun things. He would go outside and play tag with his friends. He would look for bugs and splash in puddles. One day, the bald infant was walking in the park when he discovered a big playground. He thought to himself, I want to do something new! So the bold infant did something he had never done before. He climbed up the ladder to the top of the slide. He slid down and squealed with delight. From then on, the bald infant would do this every day. He turned it into a fun game. He would climb up and slide down until the day was done. The bald infant soon became known as the king of the slide. Everyone knew that he was the best at it even the grownups! The bald infant was very proud of what he could do. And thatâs the story of the bald infant and his special adventure.Lila and Ben are playing in the garden. They have a big box of wool. They like to make things with the wool. They make hats and scarves and mittens. Look, I made a hat for my doll, Lila says. She puts the hat on her dolls head. The hat is pink and soft. Thats a nice hat, Ben says. He shows Lila his scarf. The scarf is blue and long. I made a scarf for my teddy. They are happy with their wool things. They want to make more. They see a hole in the ground. It is a small hole. They wonder what is in the hole. Maybe there is a mouse in the hole, Lila says. Or a worm, Ben says. They are curious. They want to see what is in the hole. They take some wool and make a rope. They tie the rope to a stick. They lower the stick into the hole. They wait and wait. They hope to catch something. But nothing comes out of the hole. They are disappointed. They pull the stick out of the hole. The stick has no wool on it. The wool is gone. Where is the wool? Lila asks. Maybe something ate it, Ben says. They are scared. They think there is a monster in the hole. They want to bury the hole. They dont want the monster to come out. They take some dirt and fill the hole. They pat the dirt with their hands. They are proud. They think they have stopped the monster. They look at their wool things. They are dirty and torn. They are sad. They cant wear their wool things. They go to their mom. They tell her what happened. Mom hugs them. She says, Dont worry, I have more wool for you. You can make new things. But next time, dont bury your wool in the hole. It wont fit. Lila and Ben nod. They say, Sorry, mom. We wont do it again. Mom smiles. She says, Thats okay. You are good kids. You can play with the wool. But be careful with the hole. You never know what is in there. Lila and Ben agree. They take the new wool and go back to the garden. They make new hats and scarves and mittens. They are happy again. They love to play with the wool. But they stay away from the hole. They dont want to meet the monster.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, she saw a shiny oyster on the beach. She picked it up and promised to take care of it forever. Lily brought the oyster home and put it in a special place. Every day, she would talk to the oyster and tell it how grateful she was to have found it. One day, Lilys friend came over and saw the oyster. She wanted it for herself and tried to take it away. But Lily remembered her promise and told her friend that she couldnt have it. Lilys friend was sad, but Lily felt proud of herself for keeping her promise. She learned that its important to be grateful for what you have and to keep your promises.Once upon a time, there were two friends named John and Jane. They were talking to each other and it made them very happy. John told Jane about the humble line he was making. He was stringing it out between two trees in the park. Jane thought this sounded fun and decided to join in. She asked what she could do to help, and John smiled. He said she could hold on to the end of the line and help keep it tight. They worked together in silence for a while, but as they were finishing their line, Jane stopped and asked John why he was doing it. John looked up and said Im making this line so we can pull each other around the park, like a train. Jane laughed and replied, That sounds so much fun! Lets go try it and see if it works! John smiled and they both ran off, holding on to their humble line.Once upon a time there was a boy called Sam. He was three years old and very alert. He lived happily with his mum and dad in a nice house. One day, mum was cooking dinner for Sam and his family. She left the kitchen for a moment, but when she returned she saw that Sam had broken the plate! Mum was very angry and scolded Sam. He started to cry and his mum felt bad so she hugged him and said Its okay Sam, dont worry. Then she kissed his forehead and asked him to be more gentle when he touched things. Sam was an alert boy and promised he would be. Since then hes been very careful and always listens to his mum. He knows that its important to not break things because it hurts others and makes them sad.Once upon a time there was a sand castle by the sea. It was tall and strong. Inside the castle lived a brave prince, who loved to play in the sand. One day, a giant wave came and knocked down the castle. The prince was very sad. He looked around. Everything was gone. Then suddenly, he heard a voice. âœHello!â He looked up. A seagull was flying above him. The prince asked, âœWhat can I do?â The seagull answered, âœUse your shovel! Sharp it in the sand and build your castle again!â The prince felt better. He got out his shovel and began to dig. He worked and worked until he had rebuilt the sand castle. The prince was so happy, his troubles were gone. He thanked the seagull and they played together all day in the sand.Once upon a time, there was a colorful bird. The bird liked to pick things. One day, the bird saw a shiny thing on the ground. The bird did not know it was a weapon. The bird wanted the shiny weapon. So, the bird went down to pick it up. The bird was very happy with the shiny weapon. The bird showed the weapon to all its friends. The friends were scared of the weapon, but the bird did not know why. Then, one day, the bird tried to play with the weapon. The bird got hurt by the weapon. The birds friends were sad. The bird did not play anymore. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little rabbit named Benny. Benny loved to visit his friends every day. One day, Benny saw a hole in the ground. He thought it would be fun to jump in it. But, Benny was not wise and did not know that the hole was very deep. Benny jumped in the hole and could not get out. He cried and cried for help. Luckily, his wise friend, the owl, heard him and came to rescue him. The owl used his strong wings to lift Benny out of the hole. Benny learned a valuable lesson that day. He realized that it is important to be wise and think before doing something. He also learned that it is important to have good friends who will help you when you are in trouble. From that day on, Benny never jumped into any holes again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to hop around and play with her toys. One day, Lilys aunt came to visit her. Her aunt was very nice and had a peaceful smile on her face. Lily was very happy to see her aunt and they played together all day. They sang songs, danced and even made some cookies. Lilys aunt was very good at baking. As the day went on, Lily started to feel sleepy. Her aunt tucked her into bed and read her a story. Lily felt very peaceful and happy as she fell asleep, dreaming about all the fun things she did with her aunt that day.Once upon a time, there was an ancient lake. One day, a fish jumped out of the lake and started to splash around. It was having so much fun! The fish saw a rail by the lake and swam over to it. Then, it decided to climb the rail. The fish tried its best and eventually, it was able to climb to the top. From there, it had a great view of the ancient lake and the beautiful scenery around it. The fish stayed on the rail for a while, looking at the lake and the surroundings. Then, it decided to jump back in. It made a big splash as it hit the water. The fish was happy and started to swim around again. The fish decided to stay in the ancient lake forever. It swam around happily and splashed around in the water all day.Once upon a time, there was a tiny mouse named Marty. Marty was very shy, he was too scared to speak to anyone. Instead, he liked to stay in his own little corner, away from the world. One day, Marty was exploring in his favorite spot when he came upon a long line drawn on the ground. He got curious and scurried closer for a better look. But when he got close, he realized the line was fire! It was burning red and orange. Marty became frightened and he started to back away slowly. He knew if he had been too curious and crossed to the other side of the line, he could have gotten hurt! The moral of this story is simple be careful with your curiosity. Its important to remember when something looks like it can be fun, you should always be safe and think before you act. Being curious is okay, but shyness has its advantages too.Tim and Lily were playing with paper. They liked to fold it into different shapes. Tim made a boat, and Lily made a hat. They put their paper things on the floor and pretended they were on an adventure. Look, Lily, I see an island! Tim said, pointing to a pillow. Lets sail there and find treasure! Okay, Tim, but be careful. There might be pirates! Lily said, putting her hat on her head. She followed Tim to the pillow island. They searched the pillow for shiny things. They found some buttons, a necklace, and a ring. They were very happy. But then they saw something black and hard on the pillow. It was coal. What is this, Tim? Lily asked, picking up the coal. Its not shiny or pretty. I dont know, Lily. Maybe its a pirates rock. Maybe he uses it to make fire. Tim said, looking at the coal. He had an idea. Hey, Lily, lets play a trick on the pirate. Lets fold this paper around the coal and make it look like a present. Then we can leave it here and hide. When the pirate comes back, he will think we gave him a nice gift. But when he opens it, he will see the coal and be angry! Lily liked Tims idea. She thought it was funny. She helped Tim fold the paper around the coal. They made it very tight, so the pirate would not see the coal inside. They put a ribbon on it and wrote To Pirate, From Tim and Lily on it. They left the paper present on the pillow and ran to hide behind the couch. They waited for a long time. They did not see the pirate. They started to get bored. They wanted to play something else. Tim, can we go now? I dont think the pirate is coming. Lily said, whispering to Tim. Okay, Lily, lets go. But we have to be quiet. Maybe the pirate is sleeping. Tim said, whispering back. He got up and tiptoed to the pillow. He wanted to take his boat back. But as he reached for his boat, he heard a loud voice. Whos there? Who left this present for me? It was the pirate! He was not sleeping. He was hiding under the pillow. He saw Tim and Lily and grabbed them. He was very angry. He opened the paper present and saw the coal. He was even more angry. You little rascals! You tried to fool me! You gave me coal instead of treasure! How dare you! He shouted, shaking the coal at them. Tim and Lily were very scared. They did not think the pirate was real. They did not think he would find them. They did not think he would be so mad. They wished they had not played the trick. They wished they had not folded the paper around the coal. They wished they had not made the pirate angry. They wished they could run away.Today was a special event. Everyone was happy and excited to celebrate! The children ran around slowly. They laughed and hugged each other. The adults made food. There were yummy treats and fresh juice to drink. All the children gathered around and cheered. They wanted to start celebrating! First, the youngest child blew out some candles on a cake. Everyone clapped. Then they enjoyed the food and took turns opening presents. Finally, the sun started to set. Everyone hugged and said goodbye. It was a great day and everyone enjoyed celebrating the event.Lily and Tom were twins who liked to play in the garden. One day, they saw a big jar of jelly on the table. They wanted to taste it, but they were too small to reach it. Lets crawl to the table and get the jelly, Tom said. OK, but be quiet. Mommy is sleeping in the sofa, Lily said. They crawled slowly and quietly across the grass. They saw a lot of bugs and flowers on the way. They said hello to them, but the bugs and flowers did not answer. They reached the table and climbed on a chair. They saw the jar of jelly shining in the sun. It looked yummy and colorful. Wow, look at the jelly. It is red and green and yellow, Tom said. Can I have some? Lily asked. Sure, let me open the jar, Tom said. He tried to open the jar, but it was too tight. He twisted and pulled, but the jar did not move. Help me, Lily, he said. Lily helped him, but the jar was still too tight. They pushed and pulled, but the jar did not move. They were so busy trying to open the jar that they did not hear Mommy waking up. She saw them on the table and smiled. What are you doing, my little ones? she asked. They looked at her and smiled back. We want some jelly, Mommy, they said. Mommy laughed and hugged them. OK, let me help you with the jar. But first, lets wash your hands. They are dirty from crawling, she said. She took them to the sink and washed their hands. Then she opened the jar and gave them each a spoon of jelly. They tasted the jelly and made happy noises. Mmm, this is good jelly, Mommy, Tom said. Thank you, Mommy. We love you, Lily said. Mommy kissed them and said, I love you too, my sweeties. Now, lets go back to the sofa and have a peaceful nap. You must be tired from crawling. They nodded and followed her to the sofa. They cuddled with her and fell asleep. They dreamed of jelly and bugs and flowers.One day, Sam, a little boy, was walking along the beach. He saw a pretty little lake, with some frogs swimming in it. He waved to the frogs and they waved back. Sam liked playing with the frogs and they liked playing with him too. Sam liked to take his name tag to the lake and show the frogs his name. But one day, something bad happened. A big, mean bully saw Sam in the lake, playing with the frogs, and shouted his name. Sam was so scared that he tried to run away. But it was too late. The bully caught up with Sam and shouted, Youre Mine! Sam was so scared he couldnt move. The bully grabbed Sam and squeezed him so tightly that Sam couldnt breathe. The bully then threw Sam in a big, dark cave with no way out. Sam was never seen again.Once upon a time, there was a kind and compassionate girl. She was always thinking of ways to help people and make them smile. One day, she was out in the park when she saw a little bird with a broken wing. She gave it a gentle pat on its head and felt a special connection. The bird fluttered its wings and blinked its eyes at the girl. She understood it was trying to tell her something. With a kind smile the girl said the bird was going to be ok, then it flew away. She thought the bird had sent her a message. The girl was moved by the birds courage and loving gesture. It had showed such compassion for her. She felt special, like there was a connection between them. She smiled to herself and blinked back at the bird, grateful for the message it had sent her.Billy had always wanted a strong mule. One day, his grandparents took him to a nearby farm. Billy was so excited when he saw the big, strong mule there. He wanted to spoil the mule, so he first offered it some hay. Then he gave it an apple. The mule seemed to like that. Billy smiled with delight. He asked his grandfather, âœCan I bring him home?â Grandpa replied, âœMaybe someday.â Billy smiled, content that he had been able to spoil the strong mule.Once upon a time there was an ant. He was walking through the woods and he came to a meadow. In the meadow, he saw something delicious. It was a cookie! The ant was so happy and he wanted to stay and eat the cookie. The ant looked around to make sure no one was watching. Then he quickly grabbed the cookie and started to eat it. He was so happy and it was so delicious. He kept eating until he finished the whole thing. When the ant was done, he was full. He was so happy that he stayed in the meadow and started to look for more delicious things to eat. And that is the story of the ant who found a delicious cookie.Once there was a powerful gray elephant. He seemed to be an old elephant but he was also very strong. Every day he would walk through the jungle and everyone would watch him. He was so huge and powerful that no one dared to challenge him. The small animals of the jungle were always so curious to know what he was thinking about. One day, a small monkey sprang up and perched on the elephants trunk. The elephant couldnt help but seem to smile at the monkey and gently lifted him up to a tree. The elephant seemed proud and happy to have another friend in the jungle. He seemed to enjoy teaching the monkey all the things he knew. They both would have fun playing together in the tree and eating the delicious jungle fruits. At the end of the day, the powerful gray elephant and the small monkey said goodbye. It seemed as if the elephant was sad to see the monkey go, but he knew he would be back tomorrow.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play soccer with his friends. One day, they played a big game and Timmy wanted to score a goal. He kicked the ball with all his might, but it went wide. Timmy felt sad, but his friend Billy was polite and said, Good try, Timmy. Youll get it next time. Timmy smiled and felt better. Later, they played another game and Timmy finally scored a goal! He was so happy and did a little bow. But then, a big storm came and the game had to stop. Everyone went home wet and sad. Timmy was disappointed that they couldnt finish the game, but his mom said, Dont worry, Timmy. You can always play again another day.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, she went to the park with her mommy and daddy. They brought a big bottle of sauce for their picnic lunch. Lily loved sauce, especially the thick kind that was her favorite. As they were eating, Lily saw a big puddle of water nearby. She wanted to jump in it and splash around, but her mommy said no. Youll get all wet and dirty, she said. Lily was sad, but she listened to her mommy. After lunch, they went for a walk around the park. Lily saw a fountain in the distance and got excited. Can we go there? she asked her daddy. He said yes, and they walked over to the fountain. When they got there, Lily saw that the water was spraying up high into the air. She knew what she wanted to do. She ran over to the fountain and jumped right in, splashing water everywhere. Her mommy and daddy laughed and joined in too. As they were playing, Lilys daddy accidentally knocked over the bottle of sauce. It spilled all over the ground, making a big mess. But Lily didnt mind. She was having too much fun splashing in the fountain. And after all, she still had her favorite thick sauce to eat for lunch.Once upon a time, there was a truck. It was very high. Two little boys were playing with it. They were counting how many wheels the truck had. One, two, three, four they counted the four big wheels! Then they moved to the back and counted the two tiny wheels. One, two! The boys were so happy. Then they started to count how many bumpers the truck had. One, two. Now they were ready to race with the truck. It was so much fun! They both shouted higher, higher! until the truck was very high in the sky. It was the best day ever!Once upon a time in a faraway land, a furry little rabbit named Peter lived in a small house with his mom and dad. He loved exploring the forest near his house and seeing all of the new things he could find every day. One day, Peter and his parents decided to take a trip to the gas station. Peter thought this was exciting and was very eager to learn what was at the gas station. As they drove there, his parents told him that the gas station was a magical place and he could believe whatever he saw. When they got to the gas station, Peter was surprised to see a giant, hairy spider crawling across the entrance. His parents told him it was a friendly spider and only wanted to give him a friendly hug. Peter was scared at first, but he was too curious to refuse. He cautiously stepped closer and gave the hairy spider a hug. The Spider thanked Peter for the hug and put a special sparkly stone in his pocket. Peter said goodbye to the spider, and headed back home with his parents. When his parents asked Peter what he had gotten at the gas station, he showed them the sparkly stone. The sparkly stone turned out to be special, because it was magical and could make wishes come true! Peter was so happy, and he thanked the friendly, hairy spider for the wonderful surprise. From that day on, Peters family believed in the power of magicOnce upon a time there was a big, green monster. He was very loud, but he was also very lonely. One day, he decided to leave his cave and explore the world. He went walking through the forest, looking for something fun. Soon, he found a little pond. He was about to jump in, when he heard a strange noise coming from the bushes. Curious, the monster peered through the leaves. He saw a little rabbit, trying to jump over a big log. He was bouncing high into the air, but he didnt quite make it. Oh, hello there! Can I help you? asked the monster. The rabbit jumped and said, Oh, you startled me! Im trying to get over this log, but Im too little to do it alone. Can you give me a push? The monster smiled and said, Sure! Here, let me help. He pushed the log back and forth until the bunny was finally able to jump over it. Thank you! You make a great monster helper, the rabbit said, before hopping away. The monster watched the rabbit go, and then continued on his journey. He walked and walked until he came across a deaf old dog. The poor dog was all alone and didnt know what to do. The monster decided to leave the dog something to remember him by. He carefully leftOnce there was a harmless little mouse named Mike. Mike had decided he wanted to explore the world, so he left his home and set off into the wilderness. As he was travelling, he met a friendly dog who mentioned a mysterious tank deep in the forest. Mike was excited about the tank and couldnt wait to find out what was inside. Mike eventually arrived at the tank and peered inside. There were many colourful fish swimming around, and he thought they were beautiful. He decided to take a closer look, and carefully climbed into the tank. He swam around with the fish and played with them, until it was time to go home. Mike jumped out of the tank and waved goodbye to the fish. He thanked the friendly dog for mentioning the mysterious tank and he was very happy with his adventure. Mike looked forward to telling his family all about the harmless and wonderful fish he had seen.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with clay. He would make all sorts of things with it, like animals and cars. One day, Timmy was playing with his clay when he accidentally dropped it on the ground. Timmy felt sad because his clay was ruined. But his mom told him not to worry because they could buy more clay at the store. When they got to the store, Timmy saw that there were many different types of clay. Some were regular and some were special. Timmy decided to get the regular clay because it was his favorite. When Timmy got home, he started playing with his new clay. He was very careful not to drop it this time. Timmy made a big castle and was very proud of himself. He showed his mom and she was very impressed. Timmy was happy because he had made something great with his regular clay.Once there was a little girl named Sarah who really liked to jump. She would jump all around when she was happy. One day, she got a brand new purse for her birthday. It was warm, like a hug from her mom. Sarah wanted her new purse to go everywhere with her, so she decided to take it with her when she jumped. She jumped up and down, all around the house, with her new purse in her hands. She jumped outside and hopped over to the park. She ran and jumped around all the trees, and played with her purse the whole time. Every time she jumped, the sun would shine a little bit brighter. She sat down by the big pond and opened up her purse. Inside was a little surprise a box of cookies, warm from the sun. She smiled as she jumped up, grabbed her purse and ran home, munching on her cookies. The warm sun followed her the whole way home.Lily and Ben were best friends. They liked to play in the garden and look at the flowers. One day, they saw a big cross made of wood. It was near the fence, where the roses grew. What is that? Lily asked. I dont know, Ben said. Maybe it is for the roses. Maybe they need something to hold on to. They went closer to the cross and touched it. It was rough and hard. They saw some nails on it. They wondered who put it there and why. The next day, they came back to the garden. They saw something amazing. The roses had bloomed. They were red and pink and white. They smelled sweet and looked pretty. They covered the cross with their petals and leaves. Wow! Lily said. The roses are so happy! They like the cross! Yes, they do, Ben said. The cross is their friend. It helps them grow and be strong. They smiled and hugged each other. They picked some roses and gave them to their moms. They said thank you to the cross. They felt fit and glad. They loved the garden and the flowers.Lily and Ben were friends. They liked to play in the park. One day, they saw a big sign. The sign had a zigzag on it. Lily and Ben did not know what the sign meant. What is that? Lily asked. I dont know. Maybe it is a snake, Ben said. Lets go and see, Lily said. But Ben was scared. He did not like snakes. He did not want to go near the sign. No, Lily, dont go. It is dangerous, Ben said. But Lily was curious. She wanted to see the sign. She did not think it was dangerous. She thought it was different. It is not a snake, Ben. It is just a sign. Come on, it is fun, Lily said. She ran to the sign. She touched the zigzag. It was smooth and hard. She smiled. See, Ben, it is not scary. It is cool, Lily said. But Ben did not smile. He was angry. He did not like that Lily did not listen to him. He did not like that Lily liked the sign. He thought the sign was bad. Lily, you are silly. You are not my friend. You like the sign. I dont like the sign. I dont like you, Ben said. He turned away. He walked to the swings. He did not want to play with Lily. Lily was sad. She did not understand why Ben was angry. She did not mean to make him angry. She just wanted to see the sign. She liked the sign. But she liked Ben more. She ran to Ben. She hugged him. Ben, I am sorry. I am not silly. I am your friend. I like you. I like the sign. But you dont have to like the sign. You can like something else. We can like different things. That is okay, Lily said. Ben looked at Lily. He saw that she was sorry. He saw that she was his friend. He felt bad. He hugged her back. Lily, I am sorry too. I was mean. You are not silly. You are my friend. I like you. I dont like the sign. But you can like the sign. You are right. We can like different things. That is okay, Ben said. They smiled. They were friends again. They played in the park. They had fun. They did not care about the sign. They cared about each other.Jimmy was a little boy who liked to play outside in the snow. He was always excited when it started to snow. Today he put on his warmest clothes and a scarf before heading out to make a snowman. He walked outside and saw the heavy snow falling all around him. He saw his friend Mary standing in the yard and ran to her. Lets make a snowman, he said. Mary smiled and nodded. She saw Jimmys scarf and picked it up. Whats this? she asked. Jimmy shrugged. I guess I dont know, he said. The two began piling snow to make their snowman. As they worked together, they heard a voice behind them. Thats my scarf! the voice said. Jimmy and Mary turned around to see an old man. He had a long grey beard, deep wrinkles in his face, and a scar on his cheek. Jimmy and Mary said nothing, but Jimmys face suddenly got really pale. He was scared. The old man smiled and said, Dont be scared. Im just glad you found this scarf. I lost it last week and I was worried that Id never find it again. Jimmy and Mary sighed with relief. Jimmy thought to himself that he was so lucky that it was the old man he found his scarf with. He shivered, but didntLily was nervous. She had to go to the dentist today. She did not like the dentist. He made loud noises and looked at her teeth with a big light. She wanted to stay home and play with her toys. Come on, Lily, its time to go, her mom said. Did you brush your teeth? Lily nodded. She had brushed her teeth very well. She hoped the dentist would be happy with her teeth. She grabbed her favorite teddy bear and followed her mom to the car. At the dentists office, Lily saw many other kids. Some of them were crying. Some of them were smiling. Lily did not know what to feel. She held her teddy bear tight. Lily, youre next, the nurse said. She led Lily and her mom to a room with a big chair and a lot of tools. Lily saw the dentist. He was wearing a mask and a hat. He smiled at Lily. Hello, Lily, Im Dr. Lee. Im going to check your teeth today. Dont worry, it wont hurt. You have a very nice teddy bear. Whats his name? Lily looked at her teddy bear. She was scared. She did not want to talk to the dentist. She hid behind her mom. His name is Teddy, she replied in a small voice. Thats a good name. Can I say hello to Teddy? the dentist asked. Lily nodded. She gave her teddy bear to the dentist. The dentist said hello to Teddy and gave him a sticker. He gave Teddy back to Lily. See, Teddy is not afraid of me. He likes me. Do you like me, Lily? the dentist asked. Lily looked at the dentist. He was nice. He gave Teddy a sticker. He did not make loud noises. She smiled. Yes, I like you, she replied. Good. Then lets see your teeth. Can you open your mouth for me? the dentist asked. Lily opened her mouth. The dentist looked at her teeth with a big light. He said her teeth were very clean and healthy. He praised her for brushing her teeth very well. He gave her a sticker too. Good job, Lily. You have beautiful teeth. Youre a brave girl. You can go now. See you next time, the dentist said. Lily was happy. She was not nervous anymore. She liked the dentist. She thanked him and said goodbye. She showed her mom and Teddy her sticker. She was proud of herself. She had gone to the dentist and it was not bad. She wanted to go home and play with her toys.Once upon a time, there was a little horse named Henny. Henny lived on a farm with many other animals. Hennys job was to carry hay from one place to another. But one day, Henny could not manage to carry the hay. She felt very ashamed. Henny went to her friend, the cow named Mooey. Henny said, Mooey, I cannot carry the hay today. I feel bad. Mooey looked at Henny and said, Do not feel bad, Henny. We all have days when we cannot do our job. I will help you. Mooey and Henny worked together to carry the hay. It was hard work, but they did it. In the end, Henny felt happy and not ashamed. All the animals on the farm were happy too. They learned that if they help each other, they can do anything.Lily and Ben were friends who liked to ride their bikes. One day, they rode to the pond near their house. They saw some ducks and fish in the water. Look, Ben, the ducks are hungry. Lets give them some bread, Lily said. OK, Lily, but we only have a little bread. We need some for ourselves too, Ben said. They broke the bread into small pieces and threw them to the ducks. The ducks quacked and ate the bread. Lily and Ben smiled and watched them. But then, a big goose came and chased the ducks away. It ate all the bread and honked loudly. Lily and Ben were scared and angry. Hey, goose, thats not nice. You should share with the ducks. They were here first, Lily shouted. The goose ignored her and looked for more bread. It saw Lily and Bens bikes and thought they were food. It bit the tires and the seats and made holes in them. Lily and Ben ran to their bikes and tried to stop the goose. But it was too strong and mean. It pecked at them and made them cry. Help, help, someone help us, they screamed. A man who was walking his dog heard them and came to help. He shooed the goose away and checked their bikes. He saw that they were ruined. Im sorry, kids, your bikes are broken. You cant ride them anymore. What were you doing here? he asked. We were feeding the ducks, but the goose came and took everything. It was greedy and nasty, Lily said. The man nodded and said, I see. Well, you were kind and generous to the ducks, but you should also be careful and wise. The pond is not a safe place for kids and bikes. There are many animals and things that can hurt you. Next time, you should ride somewhere else, or ask your parents to come with you. Lily and Ben thanked the man and his dog. They learned their lesson and never rode to the pond again. They also learned to be more grateful for what they had and to respect other living things.Once upon a time, there was a turtle named Timmy. Timmy was very slow and liked to take his time. One day, Timmy saw his friend, a rabbit named Robbie, who was very fast. Robbie liked to race and always moved quickly. Timmy wanted to race with Robbie, but he knew he couldnt win because he was too slow. Robbie saw that Timmy wanted to race and felt bad that he couldnt win. So, Robbie came up with an idea. He suggested they race in slow motion. Timmy was happy with this idea because he could finally race with his friend without feeling like he was losing. The two friends started their race in slow motion. They moved calmly and carefully, making sure they didnt go too fast. Timmy was happy that he could finally race with Robbie and Robbie was happy that he could spend time with his friend. From that day on, Timmy and Robbie would race in slow motion every time they saw each other.Once upon a time there was a lucky bird. Every day it would fly high up into the sky over the valley. It would soar in the air and feel so happy. The birdâs friends were two little rabbits who lived in the valley. Every day they would run around playing, chasing each other and having lots of fun. One day the lucky bird flew down to them and taught its friends how to fly. The rabbits were so excited. They flapped their ears like wings and jumped up and down trying to fly. But no matter how hard they tried, the rabbits couldnt get high enough to fly. So the lucky bird swooped down and grabbed each rabbit with its strong beak. It flew up into the sky and dropped them inside the valley. The rabbits were so happy and thanked the lucky bird for helping them. They ran around the valley playing, chasing each other and having lots more fun. From then on, the lucky bird and the two rabbits were best friends forever.Once upon a time there was a nice mule. He loved to create things. Every day he would make something new with his hooves. He created castles, cars and funny hats. One day, he decided to show his creations to the world. He took all of his creations and went on a nice walk. Everywhere he went, people were amazed at his magical creations. After a while, the mules creations became famous. Soon everyone wanted to have one of his creations. The mule kept creating more things, so everyone had something special. The mule was so happy that he had created something that made everyone happy. He was so proud of his creations. From that day on, he kept creating even more magical things.Once upon a time there was a very rich family that had a little girl. The girls parents both worked hard and they had a nice TV in the living room. The girl loved the TV and asked her parents if she could watch it every day. Her parents said she could, but only if she promised to trust them. Every day the girl would come home and trust her parents. When it was time to go to bed, the girl would often try to stay up to watch her favorite show on TV. Even though her parents told her no, she still tried to watch it anyway. One night the girls parents caught her trying to watch TV when she wasnt supposed to. They told her that if she couldnt trust them, she wouldnt be able to watch TV anymore. The little girl was sad, but she knew her parents were right and she promised to trust them from then on. She kept her promise and soon she was able to watch TV again. From that day on, the little girl always trusted her parents and everything was right in the world.Once upon a time, there was a clown who loved to walk around the peaceful park. He had a big red nose and wore colorful clothes. One day, he saw a little girl who was crying. He asked her what was wrong, and she said she lost her favorite toy. The clown felt sad for the little girl and decided to help her. They walked around the park together, looking for the toy. They looked under the trees, behind the bushes, and near the pond. Finally, they found the toy in the sandbox. The little girl was happy and thanked the clown. The clown smiled and said, Its always good to help others when they need it. The little girl learned that its important to ask for help when she needs it, and its also important to help others. The clown and the little girl walked away from the park feeling happy and peaceful.Lily and Tom were playing in the living room. They saw a big cushion on the sofa. They wanted to have fun with it. Lets weigh the cushion! Lily said. I will stand on the scale and you put the cushion on me. OK! Tom said. He lifted the cushion and put it on Lilys head. The scale showed a big number. Wow, you are very heavy! Tom said. The cushion is heavy too! Lily laughed. She felt the cushion was soft and warm. She liked it. Can I try too? Tom asked. He wanted to know how heavy he was with the cushion. Sure! Lily said. She took the cushion off her head and put it on the floor. She helped Tom stand on the scale. Then she put the cushion on his back. The scale showed a smaller number than before. Ha, I am lighter than you! Tom said. He felt the cushion was cozy and fluffy. He liked it too. They both smiled. They had fun with the cushion. The cushion was harmless and nice. They hugged the cushion and each other. They were happy.Once upon a time, there was a dog named Max. Max was very happy because he had an owner who loved him very much. Maxs owner would always play with him and give him lots of treats. One day, Maxs owner had to go away for a long time. Max felt very lonely without his owner around. He missed playing with his owner and getting treats. But one day, a nice lady came to Maxs house. She wanted to adopt Max and take care of him. Maxs owner was happy to hear this and agreed to let the nice lady adopt Max. The nice lady promised to take good care of Max and pay for all his food and toys. Max was happy to have a new owner who loved him just as much as his old owner did.Once upon a time, there was a spoiled girl who loved to show her symbol. Everywhere she went, she let her symbol follow. Wherever she went, people knew who she was. One day, she decided to go on a journey. She grabbed her symbol and let it shine bright. All the animals smiled at her and waved goodbye. As the day went on, the spoiled girl and her symbol kept walking further and further. Suddenly, the symbol stopped and grinned at her. Lets go fly, it said. The spoiled girls eyes lit up and said yes. Together, they flew up in the sky and released the symbol into the air. It flew around and around, letting everyone know the spoiled girl was near. When it was time to say goodbye, they waved and the symbol flew back down. Everyone cheered as the symbol landed on the spoiled girls shoulder. The two made a new promise that they would always let their symbol show. From then on, the spoiled girl and her symbol were always together and never apart.Mum and Dad said it was time to go on an adventure. But their little girl was scared. She didnt want to leave the house. She shook her head and said, No! Mum and Dad told her it would be fun and showed her the special passport that they had. It was shiny and new. The little girl looked at it and a tiny smile spread across her face. Mum and Dad said they needed to leave soon. But the little girl wanted to stay home. She started to cry. Mum told her they would be back soon and not to mind. The little girl hugged Mum and Dad and watched them walk away. She knew they would come back soon and that made her feel a bit better. Now she just had to mind until they were back.Once upon a time, there was a naughty but tiny little monkey called Mike. Mike had a very special drum that was brown. Whenever Mike played with this drum, he was the happiest monkey around! One day, Mike was feeling very adventurous and he decided to crawl up a tree. He carefully crawled up and up until he came across an old cocoon. Mike was so curious and he wondered what was inside. Suddenly, the cocoon opened up and out came a butterfly. A little voice said âœHello Mike! Do you want to play with my drum?â Mike looked up and saw that the voice was coming from the butterfly. He was so excited! Mike said âœYes please!â The butterfly gave Mike the drum and Mike crawled back down the tree with his new toy. They said goodbye and Mike brought it back home. He happily played with his new brown drum all day long. Mike had lots of fun and he never forgot that special day.Once upon a time there was a very thoughtful girl. She would often invite her friends to her house to play. On this particular day, her best friend had come over and they were exploring the backyard. Look, whats that? asked the friend, pointing to something. The girl looked carefully and saw it was a toy car. It was old and rusty but she knew it could be fixed. I think this car needs a new battery, she said. They found an old battery and worked together to get the car running again. The girl turned to her friend. Lets try and reverse it, she said. Excitedly, they got the car going in reverse. Whooping and cheering, their excitement filled the backyard. Even their parents came out to see what all the noise was about. The girl smiled, knowing she had been thoughtful and been able to fix the car.Lily loved her kitten, Fluffy. Fluffy was small and soft and liked to play with Lily. Lily liked to hug Fluffy and give her milk and toys. One day, Lilys mom said they had to go to the store. Lily wanted to take Fluffy with her, but mom said no. Mom said Fluffy had to remain at home, because the store was not a good place for kittens. But why? Lily asked. Fluffy is good and cute. She will not make trouble. Mom said, The store is big and loud and has many people and things. Fluffy might get scared or lost or hurt. She will be happier and safer at home, where she knows everything. Lily was sad, but she understood. She kissed Fluffy and said, I will be back soon, Fluffy. You remain here and be good. I love you. Fluffy meowed and licked Lilys face. She watched Lily and mom leave, then curled up on Lilys bed. She missed Lily, but she was glad to be in her cozy and quiet home. She dreamed of playing with Lily again.The sun was high in the sky and it was very bright. But it was ok, because dad had taken a shade. The shade was big and it was light. It was like a big umbrella. Dad put it over their heads so that they could stay in the light and not get too hot. Mum had taken a basket with snacks so that everyone could eat and drink something. They were all happy, sitting in the shade. Jennies little brother Thomas took his little car and drove it around in the dirt. He was having lots of fun, making engine noises. After a while, mum and dad had to take the shade down because it was starting to get dark. They packed up all the snacks, and off they went, back home. But Jennie had a great day outside in the light with mum, dad and Thomas.Tom and Lily were twins who liked to play with their toys. One day, they found a big box of blocks in the basement. They decided to build a castle with the blocks. They worked hard and made a tall and strong castle. Look at our castle, Lily! It is so big and nice! Tom said. Yes, Tom, it is. But we have to be careful. Do not destroy it! Lily said. They played with their castle for a long time. They pretended to be kings and queens and knights and dragons. They had a lot of fun. But then, their mom called them. Tom and Lily, it is time for your shower! Come upstairs, please! Tom and Lily did not want to stop playing. They wanted to stay with their castle. They ignored their mom. Tom and Lily, I am waiting for you! Come on, get ready for your shower! their mom said again. Tom and Lily still did not listen. They kept playing with their castle. But then, they heard a loud noise. They turned around and saw their dog, Rex, running towards them. Rex was big and playful. He saw the castle and thought it was a toy. He jumped on the castle and destroyed it. He knocked down all the blocks and made a big mess. Rex, no! Tom and Lily shouted. They ran to their castle and tried to save it. But it was too late. Their castle was gone. They felt sad and angry. Look what you did, Rex! You destroyed our castle! Bad dog! Tom said. Lily started to cry. Our castle was so beautiful! Why did you do that, Rex? Rex did not understand. He wagged his tail and licked their faces. He thought they were playing with him. Their mom came downstairs and saw what happened. She was not happy. Tom and Lily, what is this? Why did you not come for your shower? And why did you make such a mess? she asked. Tom and Lily looked at their mom. They felt sorry. They knew they did something wrong. We are sorry, mom. We did not listen to you. We wanted to play with our castle. But Rex destroyed it. He did not know it was ours. Tom said. We are sorry, mom. We should have come for our shower. We should have put away our blocks. But we were having fun. We did not think about Rex. Lily said. Their mom hugged them. She was not angry anymore. She was glad they were honest. I understand, Tom and Lily. I know you love your castle. But you have to listen to me when I call you. And you have to be careful with your toys. You have to share them with Rex. He is part of our family. He does not mean to destroy your things. He just wants to play with you. she said. Tom and Lily nodded. They learned their lesson. They said sorry to Rex. They gave him a hug and a treat. They helped their mom clean up the mess. Then they went upstairs for their shower. They were ready to be clean and cozy. The end. Moral value The story teaches the children to listen to their parents, to be responsible for their toys, and to be kind to their pets.Once upon a time there was a happy boy. He liked to go outside and play every day. One sunny day he saw something twisting in the breeze. He wanted to find out what it was, so he ran over to take a closer look. When he got there, it was a cute little kite moving up and down in the sky. The happy boy was so excited, he wanted to fly the kite. He grabbed the strings to control it and started running around, twisting it around and around in the sky. The kite flew higher and higher above the trees. The boy was laughing with joy and he stayed out flying the kite for many hours. He never wanted to stop it, but eventually he had to go home. The next day, the happy boy couldnt wait to fly the kite again. He raced outside and watched the kite twisting in the blue summer sky.Once upon a time, there were two friends a rabbit and a bear. They were very excited as today was their special day a day to celebrate! The bear grabbed the rabbits paw and said, Lets go and watch the ugly television to make our special day even more fun! They hopped excitedly all the way to the bears house and quickly turned on the television. They were so mesmerized by the colorful moving pictures, they couldnt pull their eyes away. It was so much fun that they decided to celebrate their day together every year. The bear and the rabbit laughed and cheered and had the best time. They would always remember this special day and all the fun they had. They even promised to watch the ugly television to celebrate every year.Tom and Amy are children. They like to play in the park. They enjoy the swings, the slide and the sand. They laugh and shout. They are loud. Look at me, Amy! Tom says. He swings very high. He feels happy. I can swing higher, Tom! Amy says. She swings faster. She feels brave. But they are too loud. They do not see the big dog. The big dog does not like loud noises. The big dog runs to the park. He barks and growls. He is angry. Help, help! Tom and Amy scream. They are scared. They jump off the swings. They try to run away. But the big dog is faster. He bites Toms leg. He bites Amys arm. They cry and bleed. They are hurt. The big dogs owner comes. He shouts at the big dog. He pulls him away. He says sorry to Tom and Amy. He calls for help. But it is too late. Tom and Amy are very sick. They go to the hospital. They do not play in the park anymore. They do not enjoy anything anymore. They are sad. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys and go to the park. One day, she saw a clown in the park. The clown was wearing a crazy hat and had a big red nose. Lily went up to the clown and said, Hi Mr. Clown, why do you look so crazy? The clown replied, Im trying to sell my balloons, but nobody wants to buy them. Lily felt sad for the clown, so she asked her mom for some money to buy a balloon. She gave the clown the money and he gave her a big red balloon. Lily felt happy that she could help the clown. She learned that sometimes, its important to help others even if they look different or seem crazy. From that day on, Lily always tried to help others whenever she could.Sara and Tom were twins. They liked to play with their toys and books. One day, their mom said, We are going to the store. Do you want to come with me? Sara and Tom said, Yes, yes, yes! They put on their coats and shoes and got in the car. Mom drove them to the store. It was a big store with many things. Sara and Tom saw a lot of light in the store. They saw light from the sun, light from the lamps, light from the TVs, and light from the toys. They said, Wow, this store is amazing! Mom said, You can each pick one thing to buy. What do you want? Sara and Tom looked around. They saw many things they liked. Sara saw a doll with a pink dress and a hat. Tom saw a truck with big wheels and a horn. Sara and Tom ran to the things they wanted. They said, Mom, mom, look! We want these! Mom smiled and said, OK, lets go pay for them. She took the doll and the truck and went to the cashier. The cashier scanned the things and said, That will be ten dollars, please. Mom gave the cashier ten dollars and got a receipt. She said, Thank you, have a nice day. The cashier said, Youre welcome, byebye. Mom gave Sara and Tom their things and said, Are you happy? Sara and Tom said, Yes, yes, yes! Thank you, mom! They hugged mom and got in the car. They played with their things on the way home. They said, This was an amazing day! Mom said, Im glad you had fun. I love you, Sara and Tom. Sara and Tom said, We love you, mom! They smiled and hugged their things. They were very happy.Lily and Ben are friends. They like to play with toys. One day, they find a big box in the park. The box has a lock on it. Wow, what is in the box? Lily asks. I dont know. Maybe it is a treasure! Ben says. They want to open the box. But they need a key. They look around the park. They see a man with a key ring. Excuse me, sir. Can you help us? Lily says. The man is kind. He smiles and walks to them. He looks at the box and the lock. Sure, I can help you. Let me see if I have the right key. He says. He tries different keys. None of them fit. He is about to give up. But then he finds a small key. He puts it in the lock. It turns. The lock opens. Yay, you did it! Lily and Ben cheer. They open the box. They see many amazing things. They see books, toys, games, and candy. They are very happy. Wow, this is the best box ever! Lily says. Thank you, sir. You are very nice! Ben says. The man is happy too. He says, You are welcome, kids. Enjoy the box. It is a gift for you. I was going to donate it to a charity, but I think you will have more fun with it. Lily and Ben hug the man. They thank him again. They start to play with the amazing things in the box. They have a wonderful day.Once there was a boy called George. He was only three years old. He wanted to go on an adventure. But he needed something very special to do it. Georges mom helped him get his passport. George was so excited. He clapped with joy. Then he said goodbye to his mom and set off on his adventure. He went on a plane and saw lots of different places around the world. But there were some people who were very selfish. They didnt want to share the nice things they had. This made George sad. But then he remembered his passport and knew that whatever happened he could always go back home. So, he cheered up and clapped again with happiness.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy was very shy and he didnt have any friends. One day, he went to the store with his mom and saw a game that he really wanted. He asked his mom to buy it for him, but his mom said he had to use his own money. Timmy didnt have any money, so he decided to sell his toy cars to make some. He went to his neighbors houses and knocked on their doors. He asked if they wanted to buy his toy cars. Some people said no, but some people said yes and gave him some money. After a while, Timmy had enough money to buy the game he wanted. He went back to the store with his mom and bought the game. When he got home, he played the game all by himself and had a lot of fun. From that day on, Timmy wasnt so shy anymore and he made some new friends who liked to play games with him.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lily. She loved to play outside and chase her shadow. One day, she went to the park with her mom and saw a boy playing with his toy car. The boy was honest and shared his toy car with Lily. Lily was so happy and wanted to thank the boy. She saw a butterfly and tried to catch it, but it flew away. Then, she saw a bird and tried to catch it, but it flew away too. Finally, she saw a bug and tried to catch it, but it was too fast. The boy laughed and said, Youre as quick as a zipper! Lily didnt know what a zipper was, but she was happy to hear the boy laugh. They played together all day and had so much fun. From that day on, Lily always remembered the honest boy who shared his toy car and they became good friends.Once upon a time there was a boy. His name was Jake. Jake was threeyearsold. One day, he wanted to explore so he entered a big room. He saw a long, comfy couch. It looked so cozy that he lay down on it. Suddenly, he felt something cold! He jumped off the couch. He looked under the couch and saw a small, white kitten. Hi, said the kitten, Im so cold. Can I come stay with you? Jake smiled. He said, Yes! You can stay with me. Come up here and warm up next to me on the couch. The kitten curled up on the couch next to Jake and they snuggled together until they were both nice and warm again. From that day on, Jake and the kitten were best friends.Once upon a time, there was a wide valley. In the valley there lived a little girl named Ellie. Ellie was learning lots of new things, but most of all, she was learning how to peek. Peeking was a fun task for Ellie, as she was very curious about the world around her. One day, Ellie decided that she wanted to go explore the wide valley. She put on her sun hat and set off. As she wandered around the valley, she peeked around every corner. She saw all kinds of wonderful things, from the singing birds in the trees, to the grasshoppers hopping across the ground. Finally Ellie came to a clearing. She was amazed by just how wide the clearing was, and she began to peek around to try and find out what could be in this special place. Before long, she found a secret garden full of all kinds of flowers. Ellie smiled and had lots of fun exploring this wide, secret garden. Soon it was time for Ellie to go back home and so she left the garden until next time. She knew that by continuing to practice her peek task she would eventually be able to find even more secret places in the wide valley.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lily. She had a pet dog named Max. Max was her best friend. They liked to play together every day. One day, Lily had to go to school and she couldnt bring Max with her. Max was sad because he didnt want to be alone. Lily hugged Max and said goodbye. Max watched Lily go and felt even sadder. But then, Lilys mom came home and saw Max was sad. She played with Max and gave him lots of love. Max felt happy again. From that day on, Max knew that even when Lily had to go, he had someone to keep him company.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily who loved to draw. She had many crayons of different colors. One day, Lily was drawing a lovely picture of her family when it started to rain outside. She looked out the window and saw the raindrops falling from the sky. Lily decided to take a break from drawing and went outside to play in the rain. She splashed in the puddles and felt the raindrops on her face. It was so much fun! After a while, Lily went back inside and continued to draw. She used her blue crayon to color in the sky and added some raindrops to her picture. It was a lovely drawing, just like the rain outside. Lily was very happy with her artwork and hung it up on the fridge for her family to see.Once upon a time, there was a mild infant playing near a big door. She was delighted to be able to explore the world. She asked her mom, Whats behind this door? Her mom smiled and said, Its a secret until you can unlock it. The infant looked around and tried to find something to open the door, but she wasnt able to. The infants mom could see the disappointment on her daughters face and said with a gentle hug, Dont worry, I know how to unlock this door! She grabbed a big key, and with a big smile said, Letting you use my big key to unlock it would be the best way to let you learn something new! The infant was elated and exclaimed, Yes! Let me try it! She cheerfully grabbed the key and tried to find the right hole, but it was difficult. After several attempts, she finally managed to unlock the big door. The infant ran inside and discovered a mysterious new world. She was so excited that she had been able to unlock the door. She will never forget the feeling of accomplishment she felt.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys, especially her purple teddy bear. One day, Lilys mom gave her a spray bottle filled with water. Lily was so excited to use it! She sprayed the water on her teddy bear and it made him all wet. Look, mommy! Teddy is wet! Lily exclaimed. Her mom smiled and said, Yes, thats what happens when you spray water on things. Later that day, Lily went outside to play with her friends. They were playing with bubbles and Lily wanted to join in. Her friend handed her a bubble wand and said, Here, try this! It makes bubbles that are light and float in the air. Lily tried it and was amazed at the bubbles that floated in the air. She sprayed some water on them with her spray bottle and they popped! Her friends laughed and Lily smiled. It was a fun day.Once upon a time, there was a soldier who lived in a small village. He was a brave soldier. On a mild spring day, the soldier smiled and said hello to all the villagers. The villager children were excited to see the soldier. One little boy asked, Soldier, have you had an adventure? The soldier smiled and said, Yes, I have had many adventures. The little boy was eager to hear more, so he asked What was your biggest adventure? The soldier spoke proudly, Fighting for freedom during the war was my biggest adventure. The little boys eyes sparkled with amazement. He spoke thoughtfully, You must be very brave to do something like that. The soldier nodded his head and said Yes, I was very brave. But its important to remember that even mild people can be brave too. The little boy smiled and nodded his head in understanding. He knew that anyone could be brave, no matter how small or mild they were.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Sarah. She was only 3 years old and she loved the color yellow. One day, she was in her yard playing with her toys when she noticed something was wrong. There was a problem to solve! Sarah looked around her yard and noticed a lot of yellow things a yellow leaf, a yellow flower, and a yellow butterfly! But that wasnt what she needed to solve the problem. She then saw an old yellow bucket and she had a great idea. She picked up the bucket and filled it with some of the yellow things around her yard. Then Sarah noticed something else. There were two little yellow birds in her yard. They were chirping and flapping their wings. She smiled and filled the bucket with the birds too. Sarah took the bucket over to her mom. Mommy, she said. I solved the problem! Her mom smiled and said, You sure did, sweetheart. Good job! Sarah was very proud and went back to playing in her yellow yard. She had solved the problem!Amy was eager to explore her new home but first she wanted to see the wardrobe in her bedroom. She opened it up and looked at the many colourful clothes inside. She felt a chill go up her spine as she closed the door. Suddenly something big and purple jumped out of the wardrobe. Amy was scared and stepped back. She noticed two eyes peeking out from the creatures head! The creature growled, which made Amy even more scared. He said he wanted Amy to help him return home. He said that he was lonely and wanted to be with his friends. Amy felt sorry for him and decided to help. The creature thanked Amy and looked around the room. He soon noticed a single window in the corner. He said he would use the window to fly back to his friends. He thanked her for her help and flew off. Amy looked at the window and felt a bit sad. She hoped the creature had gone to see his friends but she would never know.One day, a girl named Sue went to the park. She saw a big pot. She wanted to see what was inside. Sue looked in the pot and saw something spicy. She thought, I want to try it! Sue went to her friend Tom and said, I found a pot with something spicy in it. Do you want to try it too? Tom said, Yes! I like spicy things. They went back to the pot and tried the spicy thing. After they ate, they felt very sleepy. Sue and Tom took a nap under a tree. When they woke up, they felt happy. They played in the park all day. Sue and Tom had a fun day with the spicy pot.Charlie walked along the beach. He saw a group of kids jumping in the sand. He wanted to join them, so he ran up and jumped with them. The kids were excited. They gave Charlie a bow and showed him how to play a game. Every time Charlie picked up the bow, he jumped as high as he could. Charlie saw that some of the kids were very persistent. They jumped again and again, until they were the highest. Charlie wanted to be like them, so he jumped again and again. He got higher and higher. Soon, Charlie was the highest jumper. The other kids cheered and congratulated him. Charlie felt proud of himself. He couldnt believe he had done it.One day at school, the children were in their classroom and the teacher was teaching them something new. She told them that they were going to learn a rare word called yield. All the children looked at each other and were confused. The teacher tried to explain the meaning of the word yield, but the children just couldnt understand it. One of them finally asked What does that mean? The teacher smiled and said Yield means to give up something. You have to make an effort and then you might get something new out of it. Its rare, but its important to know. The children still looked confused and one of them said But why should we do it?. The teacher replied So that you can learn something new, and to help others. Yielding is not something that we do everyday, but its important to know when and how to do it. The children thought about it and eventually understood what the teacher meant. Now they know how to yield to help others and learn something new.Joey was very ready for his day. He hopped out of bed and put on his shoes. He grabbed a board and went outside. He could see his friends playing in the park. Joey went to the playground. He put his board down and was ready to play. He saw a tall slide and ran to it. He climbed up the ladder and got to the top of the slide. Then he held on tight and bounced down! When he reached the bottom, Joey felt so happy. He got back up again and did it again. Joey bounced down the slide again and again. He couldnt get enough of it! At the end of the day, Joey was tired but he had had so much fun. He put his board away and went inside to get ready for bed. Joey knew that the next day he would come back and bounce on the slide again!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to cook with her mom in the kitchen. One day, Lilys mom asked her to help make spaghetti for dinner. Lily was so excited to help! As they were cooking, Lily accidentally made a messy sauce spill on the counter. Uh oh, Mommy! I made a mess! she said. Its okay, Lily. Lets clean it up together, her mom replied. After they cleaned up the messy sauce, Lilys mom showed her how to make a loop with the spaghetti on her fork. Look, Lily! You made a loop! Great job! her mom exclaimed. Lily was so happy and proud of herself for helping cook dinner and making a loop with her spaghetti. She couldnt wait to eat it and tell her dad all about her cooking adventure.Once upon a time, there was a little frog. The frog liked to jump and play in the pond. One day, the frog saw a shiny coin on the ground. The frog thought the coin looked pretty and wanted to keep it. But when the frog tried to pick it up, the coin tasted bitter. The frog didnt like the bitter taste, so it decided to leave the coin alone and go back to jumping and playing in the pond. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to watch movies. One day, Timmy went to the movie theater with his mommy and daddy. They watched a funny movie about a silly dog. After the movie, Timmy and his family went to get some ice cream. While they were eating their ice cream, they saw a bird trying to escape from a cage. Timmy felt sad for the bird because it looked like it was hurt. His mommy and daddy helped the bird escape from the cage and it flew away happily. Timmy was happy that the bird was free and not hurt anymore. He went home and told his stuffed animals all about the funny movie and the bird that escaped. They all listened and agreed that it was a great day. The end.Once there was a man and a woman who lived by the harbor. Each day they watched boats come and go and wished they could go too. One day, they decided to push their own boat into the water. It was an old purple boat, but they knew it was strong enough to sail. So they pushed it into the harbor. The man and woman sailed around the harbor until it got dark. But, as soon as it got dark, the wind started to push them away from the harbor. They couldnt get back in! The man and woman sailed around the harbor all night, but they couldnt find a way back in. By morning, they were so far away from the harbor that it seemed like it was just a speck on the horizon. The man and woman were never able to come back to the harbor. They were lost at sea for weeks, until finally their boat drifted onto a shore far away from the harbor. Unfortunately, it was a bad ending for the man and woman.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his toy equipment, which was very special to him. His favorite toy was a rare red truck that he loved to push around the house. One day, Timmys mom asked him to clean up his toys, but he didnt want to stop playing. He decided to hide his red truck under the couch so he could keep playing with it later. But when he went back to get it, he couldnt find it anywhere. Timmy searched and searched, but his red truck was nowhere to be found. He was very sad and felt like his day had come to a bad end. He realized that hiding his toys wasnt a good idea and promised to always put them away properly from then on.Once upon a time, there were two friends, John and Jack. John was always fit and active while Jack was always lazy and he rarely did anything. One day, John was playing outside and he heard that the weather was going to be very nice in the afternoon. He was so excited and he ran to Jackâs house and told him about the nice weather. John asked Jack, âœWant to go out and have some fun? The weather is perfect!â But Jack just said, âœNah, I donât feel like it. Maybe tomorrow.â So John ran off to play and have fun. Jack stayed inside, doing nothing. Later that night, when John came back and shared with Jack all the fun activities he had done and all the things he had seen, Jack felt really jealous and said, âœMaybe I should have gone outside with you.â John smiled and said, âœYou should always make the best of a fit day. Sometimes when you wait, you miss out on a lot of things.â Moral of the story always make the best of a nice day!Ben and Sam are friends. They like to play with rockets. They have a big rocket toy in the backyard. They want to go to the moon. Are you ready, Sam? Ben asks. Yes, I am ready, Ben, Sam says. They get inside the rocket. They push the buttons. The rocket makes a loud noise. It starts to go up. Wow, we are going to the moon! Ben says. Yay, we are going to the moon! Sam says. But the rocket is not a good rocket. It is a bad rocket. It goes too fast. It goes too high. It goes out of the backyard. It goes out of the town. It goes out of the world. Help, help! Ben says. Help, help! Sam says. But no one can hear them. No one can see them. No one can help them. They are lost in space. They are scared. They are sad. They are not going to the moon. They are not going to come back. The end.Lily and Tom were playing in the park. They liked to find things in the grass and dirt. Sometimes they found rocks, leaves, or bugs. They put them in a big box and pretended they were treasure. One day, they found a shiny ring. It was gold and had a red stone. Lily wanted to keep it. She said, This is the best thing we ever found. It is mine. Tom said, No, it is not. We found it together. We have to share it. Lily and Tom started to fight. They pulled and pushed and shouted. They were not quiet at all. A lady came over. She looked sad and worried. She said, Excuse me, have you seen a ring? I lost it here yesterday. It was my grandmas ring. It has a lot of value to me. Lily and Tom stopped fighting. They felt sorry for the lady. They showed her the ring. They said, We are sorry. We found it here. We did not know it was yours. Here, you can have it back. The lady smiled and thanked them. She said, You are very kind and honest. You did the right thing. You know what? I have something for you. It is not as shiny as the ring, but it is very sweet. She gave them each a candy. Lily and Tom were happy. They shared the candy and hugged. They learned that finding things is fun, but giving them back is better. They learned that value is not only about how things look, but how they make you feel. They learned that being quiet is not always good, but being loud is not always bad. They learned to be good friends.One day, a little girl named Amy found a soft notebook. She loved to touch it because it felt nice. The notebook was her new friend. She took it everywhere she went. Amy liked to play outside in the warm sun. She saw a bunny that could spring very high. The bunny was so happy, it jumped and jumped. Amy laughed and clapped her hands. She wanted to show the bunny her soft notebook. Amy put the notebook on the ground. The bunny hopped over and sniffed it. The bunny liked the soft notebook too. They played together all day long. When it was time to go home, Amy picked up her notebook and waved goodbye to the bunny. She knew they would play together again soon.One day, there was a hairy pilot. He was flying his plane in the sky. It was a special plane that could zip very fast. The pilot pulled a lever and the plane started to zip through the clouds. The pilot smiled and looked down at the ground. He saw a beautiful park with lots of trees. The pilot put his plane into a dive and it zip zip zipped over the park. He touched the wheel and the plane soared up into the sky again. The wind blew through the pilots hairy beard as he zipped around in the plane. He was having so much fun. The pilot flew around the park one more time and then zoomed off into the distance. He flew until the night sky was full of stars. The pilot flew back to his home and parked the plane in its spot. He was happy with his fun day of zipping around in his plane.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She lived on a farm with her mommy and daddy. One day, Lily went outside to play and saw some sheep in the field. She counted them one by one, One sheep, two sheep, three sheep! Lily loved the sheep because they were so fluffy and cute. She wanted to hug them, but her mommy said it wasnt safe. Lily was sad, but she was grateful that she got to see the sheep from far away. Later that day, Lilys mommy made her favorite meal for dinner. Lily was so happy and grateful for her mommys cooking. She ate all of her food and even asked for seconds! After dinner, Lily went to bed and counted sheep in her head until she fell asleep.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his toy cars and zoom them around the room. One day, Timmys mom said, Its time to bathe now, Timmy. Timmy didnt want to stop playing, but he knew he had to get clean. After his bath, Timmy put on his pajamas and snuggled up in bed. Suddenly, he heard a noise outside his window. What was that? Timmy asked his mom. Its just a harmless bird, Timmy, his mom replied. Timmy felt better knowing it was nothing scary. As he drifted off to sleep, Timmy thought about his fun day of playing and how good it felt to be clean after his bath. He knew he would have more adventures tomorrow with his zooming cars and maybe even spot another harmless bird outside his window.Once there was a little girl, who was three years old. She liked playing with her toys and friends in the park. Today, she was feeling particularly brave, so she decided to try something new. The little girl went to the large gate across the park. She knew it was special because her older brother was always playing there. He was always so proud when he was successful in performing. The little girl ran up to the gate and stood in front of it. She said to herself âœI can do itâ and hit the gate with her hands. At first, nothing happened but the little girl was determined to succeed. She tried again, but this time harder. Suddenly, the gate swung open! The little girl was so delighted. âœI did it!â she cheered. The little girl kept running back to the gate and performing to open it every day. She was very proud to be successful and show her brother she could do it too!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She lived in a small village near a big tower. The tower was very tall and had a lot of windows. Lily loved to watch the lively birds fly around the tower. One day, Lily went to the tower to explore. She climbed up the stairs and looked out the window. She saw the beautiful view of the village. Suddenly, she heard a loud noise and felt the tower shake. She regretted going up the tower because she was scared. Just then, a kind man came to help her down the stairs. He told her that the tower was being repaired and it was not safe to be inside. Lily was relieved and thanked the man for helping her. She learned her lesson and promised to always listen to the grownups.Once upon a time, there was a panda that loved to imagine. He imagined a world where everything was mild and gentle. One day, the panda was walking around, when he spotted a little human. The human saw the panda and was very excited. Hello, panda! What are you doing? said the human. Im imagining, said the panda. What do you imagine? asked the human. I imagine a world where everything is soft and nice, said the panda. So, the human and the panda imagined together. They imagined a world where everyone was kind and there was no fighting. The human and the panda were both very happy with their imaginations. They smiled and hugged each other. Suddenly, the panda looked up at the sky. Look at that! he said, pointing to a mild rainbow shining in the sky. The human and the panda smiled, as they knew that their imaginations had come true.Once upon a time, there was a big elephant named Ellie. Ellie was very tidy and always kept her room clean. One day, her friend monkey came to visit her. Monkey said, Ellie, your room is so tidy! Can you teach me how to tidy my room too? Ellie replied, Sure, I can serve as your teacher and show you how to tidy up. Ellie started teaching Monkey how to tidy up his room. She said, First, we need to pick up all the toys and put them in their proper place. Then, we need to make the bed and fold the blankets. Finally, we need to sweep the floor and make sure everything is in its right weight. Monkey was happy to learn and said, Thank you, Ellie! You are such a great teacher. Ellie smiled and said, It was my pleasure to serve as your teacher. Now, lets have some fun and play with our toys! The two friends played and had a great time in Ellies tidy room. From that day on, Monkey always kept his room tidy just like Ellies.Once upon a time, there was a family of four, Mom, Dad and their two young boys. Mom and Dad had a plan that they wanted to try out with their boys. They asked the boys to be obedient and to not ask many questions. The boys agreed, so Mom and Dad gave them each a lime. The boys wondered what the plan was but they waited patiently, confident that Mom and Dad would tell them soon. The boys happily went outside to play with their limes while they waited. A few days later, Mom and Dad called the boys in and gave them each a tall glass of limeade. The boys laughed together as they took a sip. The tart and sweet taste of the limeade was delicious. They knew the plan now! Mom and Dad had been preparing the limes for a special treat. The boys thanked Mom and Dad for the delicious limeade and for teaching them to be obedient. They enjoyed the limeade even more knowing that it was part of a special plan!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a new toy that she loved to play with every day. One day, her little brother came into her room and disturbed her while she was playing. Stop disturbing me! Lily said to her brother. Her brother didnt understand what she meant, so Lily explained that disturbing means bothering someone when they dont want to be bothered. Later that day, Lilys mom came home and showed her a new cell phone. Lily was excited to see the new phone and asked if she could play with it. Her mom said yes, but reminded her to be careful with the new phone. Lily played with the new phone for a while, but then accidentally dropped it on the floor. She was worried that she had broken it, but her mom reassured her that it was okay. From that day on, Lily made sure to be careful with the new phone and reminded her brother not to disturb her when she was playing with her toys. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Rose. Rose was very special and loved to search for amazing things. One day, Rose went to the park with her mom to search. She searched and searched, but couldnt find anything interesting. Then, she saw something shiny in a bush â it was a smooth rose! The rose was so smooth! Rose wondered how it got there. She carefully took it out of the bush, and it was even prettier in the light! She giggled with joy and showed it to her mom. Rose decided to make the rose part of her special collection of special things. It was the best thing she found that day!Sara and Ben are playing outside in the sun. They like to run and jump and laugh. They see a big hill with flowers and grass. They want to climb the hill and see what is on the other side. Come on, Ben, lets go up the hill! Sara says. She holds Bens hand and they start to walk. OK, Sara, but be careful. The hill is high and steep. Ben says. He is a little scared of the hill. They walk and walk and the hill gets harder and harder. The sun is very hot and they are very tired. They are almost at the top when Sara trips and falls. She hurts her knee and it bleeds. She cries and cries. Ow, ow, ow! My knee hurts so much! Sara says. She is very sad and weak. Dont cry, Sara, Im here. Ill help you. Ben says. He is very brave and strong. He picks up Sara and carries her down the hill. He finds a shady spot under a tree and puts Sara down. He gets a leaf and wraps it around her knee. He hugs her and kisses her. There, there, Sara, youll be OK. The leaf will make your knee better. You are safe with me. Ben says. He smiles and Sara smiles too. Thank you, Ben, you are very kind. You are my best friend. Sara says. She feels better and happier. They look at the sky and see the sun. It is very bright and shiny. It makes them warm and cozy. The sun is shining for us, Sara. It is saying we are good and we are happy. Ben says. Yes, Ben, the sun is shining for us. It is saying we are good and we are happy. Sara says. They hold hands and watch the sun. They are good and they are happy. They are safe.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to drink milk every day. Her mommy always poured her a tall glass of milk, but Lily wanted it even higher. She would say, Mommy, can you make the milk go up to the sky? One day, Lily and her mommy were baking a cake for her daddys birthday. They needed to split the eggs into two bowls. Lily was so excited to help, but she accidentally dropped one of the eggs on the floor. Her mommy said, Dont worry, Lily. We can clean it up together. As they were cleaning up the egg, Lily noticed that the milk was starting to rise higher and higher in the glass. She said, Mommy, look! The milk is going up to the sky! Her mommy smiled and said, Thats because we added a special ingredient to the cake. It makes the milk rise high in the glass. When the cake was finished baking, they put candles on it and sang Happy Birthday to Lilys daddy. He blew out the candles and they all enjoyed a slice of the delicious cake with their tall glasses of milk. Lily was so happy that she got to help make the cake and see the milk go up high in her glass.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside with her friends. One day, while playing tag, she fell and scraped her knee. Her mom put a patch on it and told her to rest. The next day, Lily wanted to play again, but her knee still hurt. Her friend, Emma, noticed and asked, Whats wrong, Lily? My knee hurts, Lily replied. Emma said, I have an idea! Lets play a game where we support each other. We can take turns being the one who needs support. Lily thought it was a generous idea and agreed. They played the game and it was so much fun. Lilys knee felt better because her friends supported her. From then on, they played the game every time someone needed support.Once upon a time there was a loyal dog called Spot. Every day, Spot liked to go for a walk and play with his friends. Every morning, his owner would give him a tasty treat and call his name. The friendly dog knew his name as soon as his owner said it. When his owner clapped, he would come running. He was always so loyal. One day, Spot heard something he had never heard before. It was faint and tuneful, but he couldnt work out where it was coming from. Then he realised it was coming from a bell. It was a bell, ringing. It was the most beautiful sound he had ever heard! Spot wanted to find where the ringing was coming from, so he searched and searched. He followed the sound until he arrived at a big house. He saw a bell in the garden and he knew that was where the sound had been coming from. It was ringing his name! Spot was so excited and his tail was wagging like mad. He knew that somebody special had been calling him and he wanted to say hello. So he ran up to the house, happy and loyal as always. And that was the story of Spot and the ringing bell. He found out that it was his loyal owner who had been ringing the bell and calling his name, and Spot was happy.Ryan was excited because he had been invited to a special event. His parents told him he would need to be good to go. Do you think you can be nice for us, Ryan? his mom asked. He nodded eagerly and promised he would behave. His mom smiled and gave him a big hug. On the day of the event everyone was getting ready to go. Ryan was so excited, he was bouncing off the walls! His mom put on an extra special outfit and said, Ryan, I have something special for you. She held out a small box and said, In this box is something really useful for you. You can use it at the event. Ryan opened the box and inside was a toy helicopter. It was orange and blue and had blinking lights. He was so excited, he ran up to his mom and gave her a big hug. Then he ran outside to try out the toy. He flew it up and down in the sky, pretending to send messages. When it was time to leave, Ryan put the toy in his pocket and he and his family headed off to the event. He had a wonderful time and thanked his mom for sending him something useful.One day, a little dog named Spot went for a walk. Spot was a happy dog, but today he felt a bit sad. The wind was bitter and cold, and made Spot shiver. As he walked, he saw a big tree. Spot thought, I will lay under the tree to hide from the wind. Under the tree, Spot saw a big red ball. He was very excited because he loved to play with balls. Spot picked up the ball and ran around the tree. He was so happy that he forgot about the cold wind. Then, a little girl named Lily came to the tree. Hi, Spot! said Lily. I lost my ball. Have you seen it? Spot wagged his tail and showed Lily the big red ball. Thank you, Spot! said Lily. They played with the ball together, and Spot was not sad anymore. The bitter wind did not bother them, because they were having so much fun.Once upon a time there was a swing in the backyard. It was an important swing for a little girl named Bella. Every day Bella would come outside and run to the swing. She would laugh and giggle as she flew high in the sky. One day, Bella was extra high in the sky when something went wrong. The swing stopped and Bella fell off. She was scared at first, but then she realized she was okay. She brushed off her dress and stood up. Then she remembered why the swing stopped. It was because there was a loud noise from around the corner. She went over to investigate and soon saw her mom holding her brother. He was too young to play on the swing, so Bella knew it was important for her mom to stop her brother from going near the swing. Bella smiled, happy that her mom was being protective. She walked back over to the swing, gave it a gentle push, and off she flew again. She laughed and giggled and flew as high as she could, knowing her mom was keeping her brother safe. And they all lived happily ever after!Once upon a time, there was a sailor named Joe. Joe was a helpful person. He was always helping his friends and was always happy. One day, Joe decided to take a long boat ride. He invited all his friends to join him. Everyone was excited and bought snacks for the boat. As they sailed, a big, loud noise was heard. A dolphin was introducing itself to Joe and his friends! Everyone was so surprised and couldnt contain their laughs. Joe was so helpful that even the dolphin wanted to be his friend! Everyone on board was delighted. The moral of the story is that if you are helpful and kind, even the animals will be your friends. Joes helpful behaviour won the hearts of everyone, and even the dolphin!Tom and Anna are twins. They like to play in their room. They have many toys, but they also like to use other things. One day, they see a telephone on the table. It is big and shiny. They want to touch it. Lets crawl to the telephone, Tom says. Maybe we can talk to someone. Okay, Anna says. But we have to be quiet. Mom and Dad are in the kitchen. They crawl to the table. They reach the telephone. Tom picks it up. He presses some buttons. He hears a beep. Hello, hello, he says. Who is there? Anna takes the other part of the telephone. She puts it to her ear. She hears Toms voice. Hi, Tom, she says. Its me, Anna. They giggle. They think they are very clever. But they do not know that the telephone is hard. It is not a toy. It is a real telephone. And they have called a real number. The number is 911. It is for emergencies. When people need help, they call 911. A voice answers the call. It is a woman. She works at 911. She is serious. 911, what is your emergency? she says. Tom and Anna do not understand. They keep giggling. Hello, hello, Tom says. Who are you? 911, what is your emergency? the woman says again. Is this a prank call? Tom and Anna do not know what a prank call is. They think the woman is funny. No, no, Anna says. We are Tom and Anna. We are twins. We are playing with the telephone. The woman is not amused. She is angry. She thinks Tom and Anna are wasting her time. She needs to help people who are in trouble. Tom and Anna, this is not a game, she says. You have called 911. This is for emergencies only. You should not play with the telephone. You should hang up now and tell your parents what you did. Tom and Anna are scared. They hear the womans voice. She is loud and hard. They do not like her. They drop the telephone. They crawl away. They hide under the bed. They hear Mom and Dad coming. They hear the telephone ringing. They hear Mom and Dad talking to the woman. They feel bad. They know they did something wrong. They are sorry. They come out from under the bed. They hug Mom and Dad. They say they are sorry. Mom and Dad are not happy. They are not angry. They are worried. They explain to Tom and Anna what 911 is. They explain why they should not play with the telephone. They explain why they should listen to the woman. They tell Tom and Anna that they love them. They tell them that they should be careful. They tell them that they should be respectful. Tom and Anna nod. They understand. They say they are sorry again. They hug Mom and Dad. They promise to be good. They learn a lesson. They learn that the telephone is hard. They learn that 911 is important. They learn that playing is fun, but not with everything. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the big green field near her house. One day, she was playing with her friend Billy when they saw a man setting up a big tent. Whats going on? asked Lily. Theyre having a fair! replied Billy. Lily and Billy were so excited and decided to go check it out. They tried different games and ate yummy food. But then, they saw a man with a big hammer trying to hit a bell. I want to try! said Lily. She went up to the man and picked up the hammer. She swung it as hard as she could, but she missed the bell. The man said, Sorry, you didnt hit it. You failed the test. Lily was sad and started to cry. Billy tried to cheer her up, but it didnt work. They went home feeling disappointed. From that day on, Lily didnt want to go to fairs anymore because she was afraid of failing again.Once there was a happy little girl named Jane. Jane loved animals and often went to the park to watch them. One day, while she was at the park, Jane saw that a cute puppy was running in circles around the playground. The puppy was obviously afraid, but Jane wanted to help. She quickly ran towards the puppy to try and calm him down. Unfortunately, before she could get there the puppy had run away. Jane started to become very sad, but then suddenly there was a loud noise. It was an ambulance! The ambulance had come to take care of the puppy. Soon, two paramedics came out of the ambulance and help separate the puppy from the playground. Jane felt relieved and happy that the puppy was safe. The paramedics thanked Jane for her help, and then drove off with the puppy in the ambulance. Jane went back home, feeling happy and relieved that she was able to help the puppy.Once upon a time, there was an old man. He had an old chess set. One day, the old man saw something shiny in the corner of the room. When he went over to take a closer look, he realized that it was a little sparrow. The old man said, Hello, little one. What are you doing here? The sparrow said, I was playing with your old chess pieces. I tore one of the pieces in two! The old man was surprised. He told the sparrow not to worry, and carefully picked up the two pieces of the chess piece. He looked at the pieces, and smiled. The old man said, At least you were having fun! We can put it back together. Here, watch me carefully. The old man carefully put the two pieces together, and then the piece shone just like new. The old man said to the sparrow, See, we fixed it! Now, lets play a game of chess together. The old man and the sparrow played a game of chess, and the old man won every time. When it was time to go, the old man said goodbye to the sparrow and thanked him for the game. The sparrow said, Thanks for fixing my mistake! and flew away.Once upon a time, there was an old bookshelf that stood inside a small room. The room had furry furniture, and it was cozy and warm. One night, something strange happened. When the family who lived in the house opened the door of the small room, they saw something they didnt expect. The family found that all of the books from the old bookshelf were scattered all over the room. They were confused and wondered how this could have happened. As they started to clean up the mess, the family heard a noise from the corner of the room. It was the familys pet cat who had knocked over the bookshelf, causing all the books to scatter. The family laughed as they realized what had happened and quickly put the books back onto the bookshelf. The family learned a lesson that day about how to be careful of their furry pet and to be sure to secure all of the things in the room, especially the old bookshelf.Once there was a poor cabin. Inside the cabin was a family. The family had a little boy. His name was Matt. Matt wanted to study and all day he played and learned. He read books and did puzzles. He even wrote a few words. Matts parents were so proud of him. They said he was such a smart boy. Every day, Matt would wake up early and go to his cabin to study. He worked hard and soon he was the smartest boy in the class. Finally, Matt had studied enough and was so proud of himself. He was no longer poor and had become a smart boy. He would always remember his time in the cabin studying and be thankful that his hard work paid off.Once there was a circle. It travelled around and around but it couldnt find its way out. Until one day, a clear voice said, reverse! The circle started to go backwards. It went all the way back to the start, right where it had begun. With a second clear voice, it said, go forward! And the circle started to go around and around, this time going forward. Finally, it found the way out of the maze and was so very happy. It was free! The circle thanked the clear voices and continued on its way. It went around and around, making a path of joy wherever it went.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to go to the shop with her mommy. One day, while they were at the shop, Lily saw a beautiful toy that she really wanted. She was envious of the other kids who had it. But then, her mommy explained to her that they couldnt buy the toy because they needed to save money for important things like food and clothes. Lily understood and didnt feel envious anymore. Later that day, when they were walking home, Lily saw a little bird that had fallen from its nest. She wanted to help the bird, so she asked her mommy if they could protect it. They put the bird back in its nest and Lily felt happy knowing that she had helped protect it.Once, there was a girl named Lily. She had a doll she loved very much. The doll had a smooth dress that Lily liked to touch. One day, Lilys family decided to go to the park. Lily wanted to take her doll with her. Lily went to her room to pack her bag. She put the doll in the bag with a soft blanket. She also packed a small snack for her and her doll to share. Lily was happy that her doll would go with her to the park. At the park, Lily and her doll played on the smooth green grass. They had a lot of fun. They shared the snack under a big tree. When it was time to go home, Lily packed her doll and the blanket back into the bag. They went home with big smiles, excited for their next adventure together.Lily and Tom were friends who liked to play with engines. They had many toy engines of different colors and sizes. They liked to make them go fast and make loud noises. One day, they found a big engine in the garage. It was black and shiny and had many buttons and wires. Lily and Tom were curious and wanted to play with it. Lets see what this engine can do! Tom said. He climbed on the engine and started to push the buttons. No, Tom, dont! Lily said. She was anxious and scared. She knew the engine was not a toy and could be dangerous. We should ask dad first! But Tom did not listen. He pushed more buttons and pulled some wires. The engine started to make strange sounds and smoke. Lily and Tom felt the engine shake and tremble. Help! Help! they cried. They tried to get off the engine, but it was too late. The engine exploded with a loud bang. Lily and Tom were hurt by the fire and the metal. They screamed and cried. Dad heard the noise and ran to the garage. He saw the engine in flames and his children on the ground. He was angry and sad. He called the ambulance and the firemen. He hugged Lily and Tom and said, Why did you play with the engine? You could have died! You should have listened to Lily and asked me first! Lily and Tom were sorry and ashamed. They learned a hard lesson. They should never play with things they dont know. They should always be careful and obey their parents.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside with her friends. One day, Lily and her friends were playing hideandseek. Lily found the perfect hiding spot behind a tree. She was so quiet that no one could find her. Suddenly, Lily heard a whisper. It was her friend, Sarah. Sarah was looking for Lily, but she couldnt find her. Lily wanted to tell Sarah where she was hiding, but she didnt want to be found yet. She put her hand over her face and stayed quiet. After a while, Lily decided to come out of hiding. She saw Sarahs sad face and realized that she had caused a conflict by not revealing her hiding spot. Lily apologized and they hugged. From that day on, Lily promised to never keep a secret from her friends again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a closet full of toys that made her very happy. One day, Lilys friend Emily came over to play. Emily saw all of Lilys toys and became very jealous. She wanted to play with all of them. Lily didnt like how Emily was acting, so she told her to stop. Emily didnt listen and started to reach for Lilys favorite toy. Lily got upset and told Emily to leave. Emily left, but she was still jealous of Lilys toys. Later that day, Lily went to her closet to play with her favorite toy. But when she opened the closet, she saw that all of her toys were gone! Emily had come back and taken them all. Lily was very sad that her friend would do something like that. She learned that its not nice to be jealous and take things that dont belong to you.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy had a great treasure chest that he loved to play with. One day, Timmy went to the park to play with his friends. He left his treasure chest at home. When Timmy returned home, he noticed that his treasure chest was missing! He asked his mom, Where is my treasure chest? His mom replied, I put it in the closet. Timmy was happy to hear that and said, Thank you, mom! You are the best!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She went on a trip with her family and brought a big bag. When they arrived at their hotel, Lily had to unpack her bag. It was heavy, but she worked hard to take everything out. After they unpacked, Lilys parents told her that if she helped them clean up the room, she would get a reward. Lily was very excited to hear this. She helped her parents put away their clothes and toys. Finally, when they were all done, Lilys parents gave her a reward. It was a yummy ice cream cone! Lily was very happy and ate it all up. She was proud of herself for being such a good helper. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little spider named Sammy. Sammy lived in a big house with lots of other spiders. One day, Sammy met a beautiful spider named Sally. They played together and had lots of fun. Sammy liked Sally very much. One day, Sammy asked Sally if she would marry him. Sally said yes, and they were very happy. They built a cozy cobweb home and lived in it together. Sammy was very obedient and always did what Sally asked him to do. One day, a big storm came and destroyed their cobweb home. Sammy and Sally were very sad. But then, Sammy remembered something. He had seen a big, strong tree that could protect them from the storm. Sammy and Sally worked together to build a new home in the tree. They were happy again, and Sammy knew that he would always take care of Sally and be obedient to her.Lily and Tom are twins. They like to play outside in nature. They see trees, flowers, birds and bugs. They have fun and laugh. One day, they see a big hill. They want to climb it and see what is on the other side. They ask their mom if they can go. Mom says no. She says it is too far and too steep. She says they have to stay close to her. But Lily and Tom are naughty. They wait until mom is busy with the baby. Then they rush to the hill. They run and run. They do not look back. They do not listen to mom calling them. They reach the top of the hill. They are happy. They see a lake and a bridge. They want to go there. But then they hear a loud roar. They turn around and see a big bear. The bear is angry. It sees them and starts to chase them. Lily and Tom are scared. They scream and cry. They run back to the hill. They hope mom can help them. They are sorry they were naughty. They wish they listened to mom.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One morning, she woke up and wanted to make pancakes with her mommy. But when she tasted the batter, it was sour! Lily didnt like the sour taste, so she asked her mommy to add some sugar. Her mommy added the sugar and they mixed it together. Then they made the pancakes and they were delicious! Lily was happy because she helped make breakfast and it was yummy. She ate her pancakes and had a good morning with her mommy. The end.Once upon a time there was a little girl who loved to play in the park. She would climb up and down the monkey bars and swing on the swings. One day when she was playing she found a big, long rope. She excitedly grabbed it and started to swing it around. The little girls mom saw her playing and called out to her. What are you doing? she asked. The little girl said, I found this rope! Can I keep it and play with it? Her mom replied, Yes, but be careful. If the rope is too tight, it might break! The little girl nodded her head, and the mom smiled. Now, the little girl had something new to play with. She wrapped the rope around the monkey bars, then shook it as hard as she could. She laughed and smiled as the rope swung around, happy to have something new to play with. The girls mom watched her play and smiled. She was glad her daughter was having so much fun. She reminded the girl to not make the rope too tight, in case it might break. The little girl remembered her moms words and was more careful with the rope. She made sure it wasnt too tight, so she could keep playing and swinging!Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy had a big eye that he liked to look out of. One day, Timmy went to the park to play with his friends. He saw a popular slide that all the kids were playing on. Timmy wanted to try it too, so he climbed up the ladder and went down the slide. He had so much fun that he wanted to do it again and again! After a while, Timmys eye started to hurt. He looked in the mirror and saw that it was red. His mom took him to the doctor, who said he had a scratch on his eye. Timmy had to wear an eye patch for a few days so his eye could heal. He couldnt play with his friends, but they came to visit him and brought him toys to play with. Timmy was happy that he had such nice friends who cared about him.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys, especially her delicate dolls. One day, Lily wanted to see how much her doll weighed, so she put it on a scale. The scale showed that her doll was very light, just like a feather! Lily then went outside to play on the swings. She sat on one side of the swing and her friend sat on the other side. They took turns pushing each other higher and higher. Lily loved the feeling of the wind blowing in her hair as she swung back and forth. After a while, Lily got thirsty and went to get a drink of water. She noticed that her glass was heavier than her doll, but lighter than her backpack. Lily thought it was fun to weigh different things and see which side was heavier. She couldnt wait to weigh more things and learn more about them.Once, there was a little bird who dreamed of soaring through the sky. Every day, he hopped around the nest and watched the other birds above him. He wanted to be just like them. One day, he plucked up the courage to try. He puffed out his chest and flapped his wings as hard as he could. Then, he took off! He soared above the trees and smiled with joy. When it was time to land, he looked for somewhere safe. He spotted a round, metal pan near the ground and hopped inside. It was warm and comfortable, and he kept it as a new home. The little bird never tried to fly again. He was too shy. But, he was happy to have soared in the sky that day.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the park with her friends. One day, Lily went to the park with her mommy. It was very cold outside, so she wore her warm jacket. Lilys mommy told her to be careful and not to wander off too far. I trust you to stay close to me, her mommy said. Lily nodded and held her mommys hand tightly. They walked around the park and looked at all the pretty flowers. Suddenly, Lily saw her friend, Emma. Look, mommy! Theres Emma! she shouted. Her mommy smiled and they walked over to say hello. Emma was happy to see Lily and they played together on the swings. Lilys mommy watched them and felt happy that she could trust Lily to stay safe.Once upon a time, there was a prince. He was a brilliant prince. He lived in a big castle with his mom and dad, the king and queen. The prince liked to play outside with his friends. They liked to run, jump, and laugh. One day, the prince had to go on a trip. He needed to pack his bag. His mom helped him pack his clothes, toys, and snacks. The prince was excited to go on the trip, but he was also a little sad. He would miss his friends and his big castle. On the trip, the prince saw many new things. He saw big mountains and beautiful flowers. He made new friends and played with them. After a few days, it was time for the prince to go back home. He packed his bag again and said goodbye to his new friends. When he got home, he told his old friends all about his brilliant trip. They were all happy to see the prince again.Once upon a time, there was a young boy called Jack. One day, Jack was feeling really sad and he didnt know what to do. He was missing his friends a lot. Then his grandma had an idea. She said, Lets make you feel better. Lets give you a special hug! So she gave him a big, warm hug. Jack was amazed at how it made him feel â he felt so much better. The next day, Jack decided that he wanted to improve his hugs. He wanted to make them even better, so he tried to give his friends weird hugs! He wrapped his arms around them, tickled them, and even tried to spin them around. His friends were so surprised and laughed happily. Jack was even more surprised he hadnt known that hugs could be so much fun! From then on Jack gave everyone he met the same weird hugs. As he kept practising and improving, he found that he could make people smile and laugh every time. In the end, he realised that hugs were the perfect way to make people feel better â no matter how sad they were.Once upon a time, there was a little frog who lived in a pond. He was always grumpy because he didnt like to share his lily pad with other frogs. One day, he decided to peek over the edge of the pond and see what was happening outside. As he peeked over, he saw a family of ducks swimming by. They looked like they were having so much fun! The little frog started to feel a little less grumpy as he watched them play. The next day, the little frog decided to leave his lily pad and explore the pond. He met some new frog friends and they played together all day. The little frog was so happy that he forgot all about being grumpy. From that day on, he always made sure to peek out of the pond and see what adventures awaited him. The end.Little Fred was so excited. He couldnt wait to tell his best friend, Christina, that his parents were taking him to town. He had never been there before. He gave his parents a big hug and started to skip down the road. He waved at the cars and sung songs as he walked. When they arrived in town, Little Freds eyes lit up. There were cars and tall buildings everywhere. His parents took him to an expensive shop. Little Fred loved the brightly coloured toys on display. His parents smiled and let him pick one. Before long, Little Fred had a new toy. Little Fred was overjoyed. He put the toy in to his pocket and skipped along with his parents. He was so happy that he had such wonderful parents who took him to town.Sara and Ben like to play with snow. They make a big structure with snow. They make a snowman. The snowman has a hat, a scarf, a carrot nose and two rocks for eyes. Hello, snowman! Sara says. You are our friend. Yes, you are very nice, Ben says. We will play with you every day. But the sun is hot. The sun makes the snow melt. The snowman starts to get smaller and smaller. His hat falls off. His scarf slides down. His nose drops to the ground. His eyes roll away. Oh no, snowman! Sara cries. You are melting! Please dont go, snowman! Ben says. We love you! But the snowman cannot talk. He cannot stay. He melts away. Sara and Ben are sad. They hug each other. Maybe we can make another snowman when it snows again, Sara says. Maybe, Ben says. But we will always remember this snowman. He was our friend.Once upon a time, a little girl and her dad wanted to have a fun adventure. They put on their shoes and went outside. The girl and her dad climbed up a big hill. It was so steep that they had to stop and take breaks. The girl looked around and saw a big, blue apple tree! The apples were so blue and shiny. The girl was excited and wanted to pick an apple. She asked her dad to help her climb the tree. He did and they both carefully climbed up. Once they were at the top, the girl plucked one of the blue apples and smiled. She and her dad sat back in the tree and enjoyed the view. The girl also enjoyed her juicy blue apple!Once there was a little girl. She loved to sing. Every day she would go out and sing at the park. One day, the little girl was at the park and heard a train. She was so excited to see it. It was orange and big and looked like it wanted to play. She jumped up and down and shouted, Train! Train! The train came to a stop and the little girl got on. The train ride was so much fun. Everywhere the train went, the little girl sang. She sang loud and clear. People smiled and clapped every time she sang. Finally the train stopped at a dry park. There was nothing much to do, except for sing. So the little girl sang and sang, making the dry park come alive with music.Sara was a daughter who liked to laugh. She laughed when she played with her toys, when she watched funny shows, and when she tickled her mom and dad. She had a big laugh that made everyone happy. One day, Sara and her mom went to the park. They saw a big slide that looked fun. Sara wanted to go on the slide, but her mom said no. She said the slide was too high and too fast for Sara. She said Sara could get hurt if she went on the slide. She said Sara was very important to her and she did not want her to get hurt. But Sara did not listen to her mom. She thought her mom was being silly and mean. She wanted to have fun and laugh on the slide. She waited until her mom was talking to another mom. Then she ran to the slide and climbed up the ladder. She looked down and saw how high and fast the slide was. She felt scared, but she did not want to go back. She wanted to show her mom that she was brave and strong. She pushed herself down the slide. She went very fast and felt the wind in her hair. She started to laugh, but then she saw something bad. There was a big rock at the end of the slide. She could not stop or turn. She hit the rock with a loud thud. She felt a lot of pain in her head and her body. She stopped laughing and started to cry. Her mom heard her cry and ran to the slide. She saw Sara lying on the ground, bleeding and hurt. She screamed and picked her up. She hugged her and cried. She said she was sorry and she loved her. She said she wished she had listened to her mom. She said she hoped Sara would be okay. But Sara did not answer. She did not open her eyes. She did not laugh anymore.One day, a fish named Bob wanted to design his home. He lived in a reef with his friends. Bob wanted his home to be original, so he asked his friends for help. Bob asked his friend, Sally the sea star, Can you help me make my home different? Sally said, Yes, we can use pretty shells and stones. They started to work on Bobs home together. But then, a big shark came to the reef. The shark was very hungry and wanted to eat the fish. Bob and Sally were scared. They tried to hide in Bobs home, but the shark found them. The shark ate Bob and Sally. The other fish were sad because they lost their friends.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys and watch videos on her tablet. One day, she tried to watch a video but it wouldnt work. She got very upset and said, I hate this tablet! Her mom tried to fix it, but it still wouldnt work. Lilys dad suggested they try watching the video on the TV instead. They found a tube that connected the tablet to the TV and soon the video was playing. Lily was so happy and said, Wow, that was fast! From then on, Lily always used the tube to watch videos on the TV. She never hated her tablet again because she knew there was another way to watch her favorite shows.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. Lily loved to play with blocks. She would build tall towers and knock them down. One day, Lily was playing with her blocks when she realized that she had made a mistake. She had used too many blocks and her tower was leaning to one side. Lily tried to fix it, but it just kept falling over. She felt sad and frustrated. Then, she had an idea. She decided to start over and use fewer blocks. This time, her tower was strong and straight. It was also very bright because she used colorful blocks. Lily was proud of her tower and realized that sometimes, its better to start over and use fewer things to make something better. She learned that bright colors can make things look happier too. From that day on, Lily always made sure to use just the right amount of blocks and add some bright colors to make her creations even more beautiful. The end.Once there was a little girl named Sarah who was very playful. She loved to laugh and play. Everyday she would go outside and explore the world around her. One day she found a jar of jam in the grass. It looked so yummy! She wanted it so much. Sarah asked her mom if she could have it. Her mom said yes, but she had to wait until the next day. The next day came and Sarah was so excited. She wanted the jam so bad. She asked her mom to open it and her mom said yes. Sarah was so happy. She quickly spread the jam on toast and enjoyed the delicious flavor. She smiled and laughed as she ate it. She was so happy to have the jam and so grateful her mom said yes.Once upon a time, in a big green forest, there lived a mysterious deer. This deer had a big horn on his head. He was very proud of his horn. All the other animals liked him because he was nice and helpful. One day, a little bird was stuck in a tree. The deer saw the bird and wanted to help. He went to the tree and started to shake it with his strong legs. The tree shook and the little bird fell down, but the deer caught her with his horn. The bird was very happy and thanked the deer. From that day on, the deer and the bird became best friends. They played together and helped each other. The other animals in the forest saw their friendship and learned that being kind and helping others is very important. They all became friends and the forest was a happy place.Once, there was an ancient mole in a meadow. Every morning, the mole would shout as loud as he could. He shouted so loud, that he could be heard from far away! One morning, a young child heard the mole shouting. The child was very curious, so he decided to go and look for the mole. The young child walked around the meadow until he finally found the ancient mole. As soon as the mole saw the child, he shouted out a greeting. The child was scared at first, but he quickly learnt that the mole was very friendly. The ancient mole and the young child became good friends. Every morning, they would meet again in the meadow, and the mole would shout out his greeting. The child loved it every time the mole shouted his greeting it made him feel happy and safe. And so, every morning, the ancient mole and the young child began their special friendship. And the moles ancient shout became a welcome sound that was heard every day in the meadow.Jack had a new mug. It was so fragile. He wanted to show it to his mom and dad. âœWow, Jack! Itâs so beautiful,â said Dad. Jack was very proud. He held the mug carefully in both hands. He wanted to keep it safe. Jack sat down with his mug in the living room. He wanted to look at it closer. He looked at it for a long time. He had never seen such a beautiful mug. Jack kept looking at his mug until it was time for bed. He carefully put the mug back on the table. It was time for him to go to bed. Jack smiled to himself as he tucked himself in. He would think of his mug all night.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Kim. She was three years old. One day, she decided to explore the yard. She saw something very strange. Kim went over to see what it was. She bent down and examined it closely. It was an uncomfortable rock. Kim was curious, so she asked her mom. Mommy, what is this rock? Her mother smiled and said, Its a special rock, Kim. You can examine it and see what you can find. So Kim explored the yard with the uncomfortable rock. After a while, she discovered some treasures hidden inside it! She was so excited and wanted to show her mom. She ran back to her mom and said, Mommy, look what I found! Her mom was so proud of her. She said, Well done Kim! You can explore the yard again tomorrow and find even more treasures. Kim smiled and ran off to explore the yard again. She was so happy to be able to explore and find new treasures.Once there was a young girl who was feeling very sad. She was sitting by herself in a dark room, feeling lonely. Suddenly, her mom walked in and comforted her. She put her arms around the young girl and hugged her tightly. The girl felt safe and warm. She knew her mom would always be there for her, no matter how dark the room was. After a little while, she began to feel her happiness coming back. She smiled and thanked her mom, and the two of them hugged one more time before the girl went outside to play.Lily and Tom are playing in the park. They have a ball and a basket. They like to throw the ball into the basket and see who can do it more times. Tom, it is my turn now! Lily says. She wants to throw the ball. No, it is not. I want to throw more! Tom says. He does not want to share. They start to yell and fight. They are very noisy. The ball falls on the ground and rolls away. A big dog sees the ball. He runs to get it. He picks it up with his mouth and runs away. Hey, that is our ball! Lily and Tom shout. They run after the dog. The dog is faster than them. He goes to his owner, who is sitting on a bench. He gives him the ball. Good boy, Rex! the owner says. He pets the dog. Lily and Tom reach the bench. They are out of breath. Excuse me, sir, can we have our ball back? Lily asks. She is polite. The owner looks at them. He sees that they are angry and sad. Sure, you can have your ball back. But first, I have a question for you, he says. He is friendly. What is your question? Tom asks. He is curious. Why were you so noisy and mean to each other? Dont you know that sharing is caring? the owner asks. He is wise. Lily and Tom look at each other. They feel ashamed. We are sorry, sir. We were selfish and rude. We should have taken turns and played nicely, Lily says. She is sorry. Yes, we are sorry. We should have been friends and not enemies, Tom says. He is sorry too. The owner smiles. He gives them the ball. Here you go, kids. I hope you learned your lesson. Now go and have fun, but remember to be kind and respectful, he says. He is nice. Lily and Tom thank him. They hug the dog. They go back to the basket. They throw the ball and take turns. They laugh and cheer. They are happy. They are friends.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. He loved to eat food, especially pizza. But one day, his mom made something different for dinner. It was a normal meal, but Timmy didnt like it. He wanted pizza instead. Timmy started to whine and complain, but his mom said he had to eat the normal food. Timmy didnt want to, so he decided to slap the plate away. The food went flying everywhere, and Timmys mom was very angry. Later that night, Timmy was still hungry. He realized he should have just eaten the normal food instead of being so picky. From then on, he promised to always try new foods and not to slap his plate away again.Once there was a cheerful pilot. He always liked to fly in his plane. He had so much fun looking at the world from up high. One day, the pilot had an amazing idea. He decided to take a 3 year old child for a ride in his plane. The pilot smiled and asked the child if she wanted to come along. The child was so excited! She immediately said yes, and the pilot allowed her to come. The child had so much fun on the plane ride. She looked out of the window and waved at all the people below. She laughed the whole time and was so happy. When the plane landed, the pilot and the child hugged. The pilot thanked the child for coming along and said it was a pleasure to take her for a ride. The child smiled and said she would never forget it. She thanked the pilot and they both went home.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the sun. One day, Lilys mommy recommended that she wear a hat to keep the heat off her face. Lily was patient as her mommy helped her put on the hat. Lily played for a while, but then she got thirsty. Her mommy recommended that she drink some water to stay hydrated in the heat. Lily was happy to drink the water and felt much better. Later, Lilys mommy made some cookies. They smelled so good and Lily was very patient as she waited for them to cool down. Finally, they were cool enough to eat and Lily enjoyed them very much.Jen and Sam liked to jog in the park. They wore shoes that made them go fast. They saw many things in the park trees, flowers, birds, and dogs. They also saw a big symbol on a wall. It was red and white and looked like a cross. Look, Sam, a symbol! Jen said. Do you know what it means? Sam shook his head. He did not know. He wanted to go closer and see. Maybe it is a jolly symbol, he said. Maybe it is a sign for a fun place. They jogged to the wall and touched the symbol. But it was not jolly. It was hot and sticky. It was paint. And it was not a sign for a fun place. It was a sign for a bad place. A place where bad people did bad things. Suddenly, they heard a loud noise. It was a car. A big, black car. It stopped near the wall. Four men got out of the car. They had masks and guns. They saw Jen and Sam. They were angry. Hey, you little brats! one of them shouted. What are you doing with our symbol? Get away from there! Jen and Sam were scared. They tried to run away. But it was too late. The men grabbed them and threw them in the car. They drove away fast. Jen and Sam cried. They did not know where they were going. They did not know what the men wanted. They wished they had never seen the symbol. They wished they had never jogged in the park.Once there was a boy, who like to step around. He had a bucket of paint. He always liked to paint things. He even liked to paint his walls. One day he decided to step up the wall and paint it. He was so excited! But he was deaf, so he didnt hear the paint bucket fall from the wall. The paint spread everywhere, making a big mess. The boy was very sad. He had to clean it all up. He threw away all the paint, but he couldnt get it all out of the carpet. He was so sad. The boy learned a lesson that day. He never stepped and painted again!One day there was a little boy called Bill. He wanted something to eat. So his mum gave him a pear, which looked good. But when he tasted it, he was very disappointed! It was not sweet, it was a bit sour. He was not happy and he thought his mum didnt know what was good. This reminded Bill of something his mum had said earlier that day. She had said, We all have to hope for the best, even if there are times when things dont turn out right. Bill thought about this for a minute. Then he tried the pear again and enjoyed it. He realised that his mum was right. Even though things dont always turn out how we want, we must always hope for the best. This is a valuable lesson Bill learnt, and he will remember it for a long time.Once there was a girl and her name was Jane. Jane was three years old and she lived with her family. One day, Janes family gave her a scooter for her birthday. She was so excited and couldnt wait to try it out! So she went outside and put on her helmet. Then she got on her scooter and started riding around. She felt so fast and free! She rode past the park and the playground. She even rode around her neighbors house. But then, something unusual happened. She turned a corner and saw a big dog. The dog was barking and it scared Jane. She was so scared that she started crying. Her family heard her and came outside. They ran over to comfort her and make sure she was okay. After a few minutes, Jane calmed down and was feeling normal again. Jane learned an important lesson that day. She learned that its okay to be scared sometimes, but you have to be brave and face your fears. Then you can get back to having fun on your scooter!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, she found a mysterious box in her backyard. She opened it and saw a piece of chalk inside. She didnt know what to do with it, so she asked her mom. What is this, Mommy? Lily asked. Its chalk, her mom replied. Lily didnt believe her, so she decided to draw on the sidewalk with it. As she drew, she noticed that the chalk was magical. It made her drawings come to life! Lily was so happy and amazed. She couldnt wait to draw more with her mysterious chalk. From that day on, she believed in magic and knew that anything was possible.Once upon a time, there was a pond. It was a nice pond, with lots of fish swimming around in it. One day, a little boy decided he wanted to splash in the pond. He ran to it, kicked off his shoes and jumped in! He was having so much fun splashing around. Suddenly, he heard a terrible sound. It was a mean crocodile! The crocodile was angry and scaring the fish away. The little boy was very scared, he started to cry. The crocodile heard him and started to splash the little boy. The little boy was too scared to move he just put his hands over his eyes. Luckily, his mom came and rescued him. She shouted at the crocodile and it ran away. The little boy was so happy to be safe again. He and his mom went home and he never splashed in the pond again.Once upon a time, there was a small bird who loved to fly high in the sky. One day, the bird saw a big cage with a door that was not locked. The bird flew inside and started to play with the toys. But then, the door closed and the bird was trapped inside. The bird was sad and scared. It tried to fly out, but the cage was too small. The bird remembered the history of its family, who had been trapped before. Suddenly, the bird saw a person coming to release it from the cage. The bird was so happy and flew away into the sky. From then on, the bird never forgot about the history of its family and always made sure to check for open doors before flying inside.Two friends, Bob and Bill, were walking through the park. Suddenly, they saw a big robot! Bob was excited, so he seated himself next to the robot. Bill was worried about getting too close. They asked the robot what it was doing. To their surprise, the robot said it was unhappy. It said it was feeling very bitter. Its computer heart was sad. Bob and Bill were sad, too. They wanted to help. So, Bob gave the robot a big hug, and Bill found it a comfortable seat. The robot thanked them and smiled. Bob and Bill were happy to have helped the robot. They waved goodbye and walked away, feeling much better.Lily liked to climb. She climbed on the sofa, on the bed, on the chair. She climbed on the slide, on the swing, on the ladder. She climbed everywhere she could. One night, she looked out of the window and saw the stars. They were bright and shiny and pretty. She wanted to climb to the stars and touch them. She wondered if they were soft or hard, warm or cold, smooth or spiky. She asked her mom, Can I climb to the stars? Her mom smiled and said, No, sweetie, the stars are very far away. You cant climb to them, but you can make a wish on them. Lily thought for a moment and said, I wish for a yummy snack. Her mom laughed and said, Thats a good wish. Come on, lets go to the kitchen and see what we have. They went to the kitchen and found some cookies and milk. Lily was happy and said, Thank you, mom. This is a yummy snack. And thank you, stars, for making my wish come true. She ate her cookies and drank her milk and gave her mom a big hug. Then she went to bed and dreamed of climbing to the stars.Once upon a time, there was a silly train. The train was made of steel. It was very big and strong. The train loved to travel on the tracks. One day, the silly train decided to travel far away from home. It went through the woods and over the hills. The silly train saw many animals and plants. After a long time, the silly train missed its home. It wanted to go back. The train traveled back on the tracks. It was happy to be home again.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play outside in the mud and dirt. One day, Timmys mom told him it was time for a bath. Timmy didnt want to take a bath because he was having too much fun playing in the dirt. Timmys mom said, Come on Timmy, lets go take a bath. We dont want you to get sick. Timmy struggled and didnt want to go, but his mom picked him up and carried him to the bathroom. In the bathroom, Timmys mom turned on the water and added some soap to the tub. Timmy watched as the water bubbled up and became lively. He jumped into the tub and started to splash around. This is fun! Timmy exclaimed. After his bath, Timmy felt clean and fresh. He hugged his mom and said, Thank you for making me take a bath. I feel so much better now. From that day on, Timmy didnt struggle to take a bath anymore because he knew it was important to stay clean and healthy.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. Jack loved to play with his toys all day long. One day, Jacks mom asked him to clean up his toys. Jack didnt want to clean up, he wanted to keep playing. His mom said, Jack, you have to clean up your toys. Its important to stay organized. Jack didnt listen and continued to play. Later that day, Jacks little sister came over to play. Jacks toys were all over the floor and his sister tripped and fell. She started crying and Jacks mom was very upset. She told Jack that he needed to quit being selfish and start being more helpful. Jack didnt listen and continued to play with his toys. Later that night, Jacks mom stepped on one of his toys and hurt her foot. She was very angry and told Jack that his toys were not useful if they were just causing harm. Jack learned a valuable lesson that day, but unfortunately, it was too late.Once upon a time there was an old man who lived in the forest. One day, he saw a hoop lying on the ground. He asked the hoop, What are you doing here? The hoop replied, I was dropped by a little girl who was playing. The old man looked around, but he couldnt see the girl anywhere. He asked the hoop, Where did she go? The hoop replied, She ran into the woods. The old man said, I will help you find her. Follow me! The old man and the hoop began running through the woods together. After a while, the old man found the little girl. The old man asked, What are you doing out here all alone? The little girl replied, I wanted to find more hoops to play with. The old man smiled and said, Well, we found one! He picked up the hoop and handed it to the little girl. She was so happy that she hugged the old man. The old man winked and said, Well, what are you waiting for? Lets play!Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Alex. He was only three years old, but he already owned something special an ice cream cone! It was a delicious raspberry flavored ice cream, and Alex was very happy. One day, Alexâs mommy came over to him with an worried look on her face. She asked him, âœAlex, did you eat that ice cream cone all by yourself?â Alex smiled brightly and said, âœYes, Mommy! It was so delicious!â His mommy smiled and told him, âœIâm glad you enjoyed it, but you need to share with others!â Alex nodded and agreed to share his delicious ice cream with his friends. From then on, Alex always shared what he owned with his friends and his family. He no longer worried about not having enough to share.Once upon a time there was a kitty named Max. Max was a very spoiled kitty, because he got lots of love and food. One day, Maxs owner took him to the veterinarian for his weigh in. Max didnt like going to the vet, so he meowed and meowed. The veterinarian weighed Max and said Wow, Max is a big kitty. He weighs a lot! After the weigh in, Maxs owner gave him a special treat as a reward. Max purred as he ate it. Finally, Max got to go home and take a nice nap!Once upon a time, there was a girl named Sally. She had long, golden hair and liked to play in the sunshine. One day, when she was playing in the garden, Sally noticed a ladybug on her shoulder. Sally was so glad to see the little bug and wanted to take care of him. She carefully blew him onto her hand, then ran into the bathroom to get a cloth. She was determined to clean her shoulder properly, so she went over it very carefully. She smiled as she remembered her mom showing her how to clean things. Soon, Sally felt ready to put the ladybug back. She carefully put him onto her shoulder, and sat still for a moment. Then, she beamed as the ladybug quickly flew away. Sally was so glad that she had managed to take care of the ladybug. She ran off to play, feeling happy and content.Once there was a boy who had a stick. He wanted to play with it but his friends did not agree. They thought it was silly and wanted to go and play something else. The boy was embarrassed. He didnt want to do what his friends wanted. So he just stayed playing with his stick. He was happy and had fun with it. Eventually his friends came back and saw how much fun he was having. They wanted to join him after all! Everyone had a great time playing with the stick together.Once there was a clown named Bobo. Bobo wanted to become the best clown ever. He was ready to make people happy and laugh. One day, Bobo went to a big park. There were many kids playing. Bobo put on his red nose and big shoes. He was ready to have fun with the kids. Bobo danced and made funny faces. The kids laughed and clapped. Bobo was so happy. He knew he had become a great clown. And the kids were happy too.Tom and Lily were friends. They liked to play in the park. One day, they saw a big pie on a window. It smelled nice. It had red and yellow fruit on it. Lets eat the pie, Tom said. It looks yummy. But that is not our pie, Lily said. It is someone elses pie. We cannot take it. That is stealing. Tom did not listen. He ran to the window and grabbed the pie. He ran back to Lily. Come on, lets go, he said. But then they heard a loud voice. It was the lady who made the pie. She saw Tom and Lily with her pie. She was angry. She shouted at them. Hey, you two! Give me back my pie! You are stealing! Tom and Lily were scared. They dropped the pie and ran away. The pie fell on the ground and broke. It was a mess. The lady was sad. She had worked hard to make the pie. She wanted to share it with her family. Tom and Lily felt bad. They knew they had done something wrong. They said sorry to each other. They decided to never steal again. They learned that stealing is not nice.One day, a boy named Tim wanted to play with his long kayak. He went to the big lake near his house. Tim loved to paddle his kayak on the water. He saw his friend, Sue, near the lake too. Sue was sad because she forgot her toy boat at home. Tim said, Dont be sad, Sue. You can play with my kayak. Sue smiled and said, Thank you, Tim! They both played with the long kayak. They had a lot of fun. But then, the wind blew the kayak far away. Tim and Sue were sad. They didnt know how to get the kayak back. Tim had an idea. He said, We can use a long stick to reach the kayak! They found a long stick and got the kayak back. Tim and Sue were happy again. They played with the kayak all day long, and they never forgot to be careful with it again.Once, there was a troubled girl. She was sad all the time, day and night. But she had an idea to make herself feel better. She took a piece of paper and a marker and printed some happy thoughts. She wrote about friends and coffee and fun things. All the happy thoughts made her smile. Then she turned her paper into something special. She folded it and put it in a box. Inside the box was something even more special. It was a tiny plastic cup full of coffee. She held it close and knew she would always be safe. When things became difficult, she would open the box. Shed smell the coffee and read all the happy thoughts she printed on her paper. Little by little, she became stronger and happier, and she faced her troubles with courage.Michael marched up the hill. He was feeling playful and excited for the day ahead. He marveled at all the trees and rocks as he continued to march up the path. At the top of the hill, he stopped. There was a special tree that was calling to him! He touched the bark and smiled. The tree seemed to have a strange power that made him feel as if he were a part of something bigger. Suddenly, a butterfly flew by. Its wings touched Michaels cheek, and he gasped. He had never seen a creature so playful and beautiful. He reached out and touched the butterflys wings ever so lightly. The butterfly smiled at him and flew away. Michael stood there in amazement. The world was an amazing place. He began to march back down the hill, feeling fll of joy and wonder. he knew he would never forget the magical day he had spent up on the hillside.One day there was a patient tortoise and a graceful butterfly. The butterfly was so amazed by how slow the tortoise moved that it wanted to compete against him. The butterfly flapped its wings and said Lets have a race! The tortoise was hesitant at first, but then agreed to the race. The two animals started off, but the butterfly was too fast for the tortoise. It zipped past him with ease and was soon far ahead. The tortoise plodded along, but he was determined not to give up. The butterfly flew around and around the tortoise, waiting for him to part. But eventually, the tortoise caught up to the butterfly and they finished the race together! Both the tortoise and butterfly were tired, but they smiled at each other, proud of what they had achieved. The patient tortoise had won the race with his graceful movements. The butterfly was so amazed, and they both went home happy.Lila and Tom were playing in the park. They liked to run and jump and slide. They saw a big hill with many rocks and trees. They wanted to climb the hill and see what was on the other side. Lets go, Lila! Tom said. We can do it! OK, Tom! Lila said. But be careful. There might be animals or bugs. They started to climb the hill. They held hands and helped each other. They were brave and strong. They saw many flowers and birds and butterflies. They were happy and curious. But they did not see the snake. The snake was hiding under a rock. The snake was hungry and angry. The snake was patient. It waited for the right moment to attack. When Lila and Tom reached the top of the hill, they saw a beautiful lake. They were excited and proud. They had succeeded in climbing the hill. Wow, look, Lila! Tom said. The water is so blue and shiny. Can we go and swim? Maybe, Tom. Lila said. But first, lets rest and have a snack. Im tired and hungry. They sat down on the grass and opened their backpacks. They had sandwiches and cookies and juice. They smiled and shared their food. But they did not see the snake. The snake had followed them up the hill. The snake was fast and quiet. The snake was ready to strike. The snake bit Lila on the leg. Lila screamed and dropped her cookie. Tom saw the snake and shouted. Help, help! A snake! A snake! But it was too late. The snake had poisoned Lila. Lila felt dizzy and sick. She fell to the ground and closed her eyes. Tom cried and hugged Lila. He did not know what to do. He was scared and sad. He had lost his friend. The snake slithered away. The snake was full and satisfied. The snake had succeeded in catching its prey.Once upon a time there was a girl named Ruth who loved to skip. She skipped everywhere she went. One day, she was skipping along when a wealthy lady stopped her. Ruth said, Hello! Whats your name? The wealthy lady smiled. My name is Mrs. Lung, she replied. Ruth was very excited to meet Mrs. Lung. She asked, Do you like to skip? Mrs. Lung smiled again and said, I used to skip a lot when I was a girl. So Ruth and Mrs. Lung skipped through the countryside together. They skipped along some hills, over some streams, and through some fields. Meanwhile, Ruth was growing very tired. With a burst of energy, Mrs. Lung said, Come on Ruth, lets skip faster! Ruth and Mrs. Lung laughed and skipped until they were both out of breath. When their skipathon was over, Mrs. Lung said, That was a wonderful skipping adventure! And it was true. Ruth and Mrs. Lung had a wonderful day skipskipping through the countryside.Anna loved to study small things with her microscope. She got it for her birthday from her mom and dad, who were both scientists. They told her that studying was important and fun, and that she could learn a lot from looking at tiny things. One day, Anna found a leaf in the garden. It had many colors and shapes on it. She wondered what it looked like under the microscope. She ran inside and put the leaf on a slide. She turned on the light and looked through the eyepiece. Wow! she exclaimed. The leaf is so pretty and different up close. It has many tiny dots and lines and patterns. And look, there is a bug on it! She called her mom and dad to come and see. They came and looked at the leaf and the bug with her. They smiled and praised her for her discovery. Thats a very special bug, Anna, her mom said. Its called a ladybug, and it helps the plants by eating the bad bugs. Its also a symbol of good luck and happiness. Youre very lucky to find one on your leaf. Really? Anna asked. Can I keep it as a pet? Her dad laughed. No, sweetie, you cant keep it as a pet. It belongs in the garden, where it can do its job and live with its friends. But you can study it for a while, and then let it go. Maybe it will come back and visit you again. Anna nodded. She was happy to study the ladybug and the leaf with her microscope. She felt like a real scientist, and she knew that studying was important and fun. She also felt lucky and happy, and she hoped that the ladybug would come back and visit her again.Once upon a time, there was a large family of bears. They were usually very happy and shared lots of hugs and food together. One day, the youngest bear was feeling worried. He didnt want to share his toast with anyone else. The mother bear smiled at him and said, Little one, why dont you want to share your toast? The little bear shrugged sadly and said, Im worried that I wont have enough for everyone. But the mother bear told him that there were enough pieces of toast to share with everyone in the family. Everyone was able to eat a delicious snack. The little bear was so happy! They all shared the toast and it was the most delicious snack ever. The end.One day, a little girl named Red had a unique idea. She wanted to invite a wolf to her house for tea. She liked wolves because they had big teeth and soft fur. She thought they would be fun to play with. She put on her red coat and hat and went to the forest. She saw a big wolf hiding behind a tree. She said, Hello, wolf. Do you want to come to my house for tea? I have cookies and milk. The wolf was surprised. He had never been invited by a human before. He thought Red was very brave and kind. He said, Yes, thank you. I would like to come to your house for tea. But are you not afraid of me? I am a wolf, and wolves eat humans. Red shook her head. She said, No, I am not afraid of you. You are a wolf, and wolves are unique. You have big teeth and soft fur. You can be my friend. The wolf smiled. He said, Okay, then. You can be my friend, too. But we have to be careful. Not all humans are nice like you. Some of them might hurt us. Red nodded. She said, Dont worry. I will protect you. Come on, lets go to my house. She took the wolfs paw and led him to her house. They had tea and cookies and milk. They played with Reds toys and books. They had a lot of fun. They became the best of friends.Tom and Lily went to the beach with Mom and Dad. They liked to play in the sand and look for shells. They found many shells of different colors and shapes. Some were big and some were small. Some were smooth and some were bumpy. Tom saw a big shell that was red and shiny. He picked it up and showed it to Lily. Look, Lily, this shell is so pretty! he said. Lily nodded and smiled. She wanted to touch the shell too. She reached out her hand and touched the shell. But the shell was not just a shell. It was a crab! The crab did not like to be touched. It pinched Lilys finger with its claw. Lily cried out and dropped the shell. The crab ran away into the water. Lilys finger hurt a lot. She ran to Mom and Dad. They hugged her and looked at her finger. They put some cream on it and gave her a bandaid. They told her that the shell was a crab and that crabs can pinch. They said that crabs are spicy and that Lily should not touch them. Lily nodded and said sorry. She did not know that the shell was a crab. She learned something new. She decided to look for other shells that were not crabs. She found a pink shell that was smooth and pretty. She gave it to Tom and said, Here, Tom, this shell is for you. It is not spicy. It is nice. Tom smiled and thanked her. He liked the shell. He and Lily played with their shells and had fun at the beach.Once there was a humble girl named Mary. Mary loved to play in her backyard, especially when the sun was shining and the birds were chirping. Today was the perfect day for playing in the backyard. Mary went outside with a big smile on her face. She found a swing and sat down in it. She held onto the ropes tight and she started to swing back and forth. It made her feel happy and free. After a few swings, Mary noticed some little birds nearby. She wanted to play with them. She jumped off the swing and started to chase them. She ran and laughed as the birds flew away from her. Mary had a wonderful time playing in the yard. When it was time to go in, she took one last swing before going inside. She felt so lucky to be able to play in such a beautiful place.Once upon a time there was a little girl. She had a toy called a rubber. Every day she liked to stir the rubber with a spoon. One day while she was stirring the rubber something special happened. The rubber started to move! Soon the rubber was walking, just like a person. The little girl was so excited and happy! But then something strange happened. The rubber got very slow and stopped moving. It had gone dead. The little girl was sad. She liked playing with the rubber and now it wasnt moving anymore. But then she had an idea. With the spoon she started stirring the rubber again. And this time, the rubber came alive! The little girl and her rubber played together for the rest of the day. Whenever the rubber went dead, the little girl just had to stir it and it started moving again. What a wonderful day!Once upon a time, there was an orange vine. It grew around the house and up to the windows. Every night, the vine went to sleep. Every morning, it woke up and went back to climbing and growing. One day, a little bunny hopped over to the vine. She was so sleepy that she couldnt move! She decided to go to sleep right there on the orange vine. All night long, the vine protected her, keeping her safe and warm. In the morning, when the bunny woke up, she thanked the vine for its kindness. She hopped away and the vine waved goodbye. From then on, the vine and the bunny were friends and would see each other every day. Theyd chat and go for walks together!Once upon a time, there was a bird. The bird lived in an ancient tree. The tree was very big and had many branches. The bird had a nest on one of the branches. The nest was made of sticks and leaves. One day, a big wind came and blew the nest out of the tree. The bird was very sad. It didnt know what to do. It couldnt carry the nest because it was too heavy. Then, a kind rabbit saw the bird and asked what was wrong. The bird told the rabbit about the nest. The rabbit said it could help. It carried the nest back up to the tree and put it back on the branch. The bird was very happy and thanked the rabbit. From that day on, the bird and the rabbit were good friends.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Sue. Sue was very happy in her small house. One day, she saw a field across the street. Sue thought the field was so pretty, so she decided to kneel down and admire it from afar. But when Sue knelt down, she found that someone had plopped a cheap chair in the middle of the field. Sue felt sad, because she wanted to take a closer look at the grass, trees, and flowers stored in that field. Sue knew she had to do something, so she went to her neighbours house to ask him for help. When her neighbour heard her story, he helped Sue take the chair away so she could explore the field. Sue was so relieved and thanked her neighbour for the help. Now, Sue was finally able to kneel down in the field and admire the beauty it had to offer. She was so happy!On Tuesday, Lucy and her dad went to the park. They saw lots of birds and a large pond. Lucy was so happy when she saw the pond. She wanted to go and look, so her dad held her hand and they walked together. Suddenly, Lucy saw a large fish swimming in the pond. She was so excited she started to laugh, but then she saw that the fish looked sad. She started to weep. Her dad asked why she was crying. Lucy pointed at the fish, and said it looked so sad and alone. Her dad smiled and said, Its okay, Lucy. Lets come back on Tuesday and see if its still there. Lucy smiled and stopped crying. She hugged her dad, and they both went home happy.Anna and Ben were friends who liked to jog. They jogged every day in the park, and they had fun. They saw birds, flowers, and other joggers. They said hello to everyone they met. One night, Anna and Ben saw something unusual in the sky. It was a big ball of fire with a long tail. It was a comet. They had never seen a comet before. They were amazed and excited. Wow, look at that! Anna said. It is so bright and beautiful! Yes, it is! Ben said. Do you think it is a wish comet? A wish comet? Anna asked. What is that? Ben said, A wish comet is a comet that can make your wish come true. You just have to close your eyes and say your wish out loud. Anna and Ben liked the idea of a wish comet. They decided to try it. They closed their eyes and said their wishes. I wish for a new bike! Anna said. I wish for a big cake! Ben said. They opened their eyes and waited for their wishes to come true. But nothing happened. The comet was still in the sky, but their wishes did not come true. They felt sad and disappointed. They wondered why their wishes did not come true. Then they heard a voice. It was an old man who was also jogging in the park. He had seen them make their wishes. Hello, children, he said. I see you were trying to make a wish on the comet. Yes, we were, Anna said. But it did not work. Why not? The old man smiled and said, The comet is not a wish comet. It is just a comet. A comet is a big rock that flies around the sun. Sometimes we can see it from the earth. It is very rare and special, but it cannot make your wishes come true. Then how can we make our wishes come true? Ben asked. The old man said, You can make your wishes come true by working hard, being kind, and helping others. Those are the things that make you happy and proud. The comet is a gift from nature, but it is not a magic wand. You have to make your own magic. Anna and Ben thought about what the old man said. They realized he was right. They thanked him for his advice and said goodbye. They looked at the comet again and smiled. They still thought it was beautiful, but they did not wish on it anymore. They decided to jog back home and work on their wishes. The moral of the story is You cannot rely on magic to make your wishes come true. You have to work hard, be kind, and help others.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. Lily loved to dream about going to the office with her mommy. One day, Lily asked her mommy, Can I come to the office with you? Her mommy replied, Yes, you can come with me tomorrow. Lily was so excited that she had a chubby little smile on her face. She went to bed that night and dreamt about going to the office with her mommy. The next day, Lily woke up early and got ready to go to the office. When they got to the office, Lily saw lots of people working on computers and talking on phones. She asked her mommy, What do you do at the office? Her mommy replied, I help people with their work. Lily was happy to be at the office with her mommy. She knew that she would dream about this day for a long time.Once upon a time, there was a big boat. The boat had a big anchor to help it stay in one place. One day, the boat went out to sea with some friends. But when they got far from the shore, the sky turned dark and the waves got big. The boat was moving a lot and the friends were scared. One friend said, I wish we had something to help us stay safe. Another friend said, I can supply a clear plan! We can use the anchor to keep us in one place until the storm stops. The other friends thought this was a good idea. They quickly got the anchor and threw it into the water. The anchor helped the boat stay in one place, and the friends were safe until the storm passed.Susie was a very obedient girl. Her mum and dad often told her to do things and did not have to ask twice. One day, Susie was given a task to wipe the windows with a special cloth. She was given a long pole to help her reach the top. Susie did as she was told and worked very hard. She wiped the windows in the kitchen, the lounge, and the bedrooms. When mum and dad saw how hard Susie worked, they were very pleased. They rewarded her with a sweet treat for being so obedient. Susie was thrilled! She smiled and thanked her parents. From that day on she was even more obedient and did all the jobs she was asked to do.One day, a little boy named Tim went to the park with his mom. Tim was very impatient. He wanted to play with his rubber ball right away. They walked to the park and Tim saw a big tree. As Tim ran to the tree, he stumbled on a rock. Ouch! he said. His mom came to help him. Are you okay, Tim? she asked. Tim nodded and got up. He was a brave boy. Tim played with his rubber ball under the big tree. He threw it up and down, and laughed happily. His mom watched him and smiled. They had a fun day at the park.Once upon a time, there was a playful dog named Spot. Spot loved to run and jump all day long. He had a red ball that he liked to chase and catch. Spot was very happy. One day, Spot saw a cart. The cart had many toys in it. Spot wanted to play with the toys, but he did not know if they belonged to him. He looked around to see if anyone was there. Then, a little girl named Sue came running to the cart. Sue said, These toys belong to me, but I like to share. Do you want to play with me, Spot? Spot wagged his tail and played with Sue and the toys. They had lots of fun together.Mia was feeling very weak, so she decided to take a bath. She put on her blue bathing suit and went outside to the pool. When she stepped in the pool, the water felt so nice and cool. She splashed around and had lots of fun. When she was done, Mia dried herself off with a big, fluffy towel. Then she went to sit in the chair by the fan. It blew cool, gentle air on her. She felt much better. Mia enjoyed the fans cool breeze and soon fell asleep. After a while, she woke up feeling strong and refreshed. She was happy she had taken a bath.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. He liked to play with his toys in his room, but his mom said it was too loud. So, Timmy went outside to play. He saw a big building with lots of toys in the window. He wanted to go inside and see the toys. Timmy asked his mom if they could go inside the building. His mom said yes, but they had to buy something first. Timmy was excited! They went inside and saw lots of toys. Timmy picked out a toy car and his mom bought it for him. They went back outside and Timmy played with his new toy car. He was happy and his mom was happy too. The end.Lily is a daughter who likes to play in the mud. She makes mud pies and mud castles and mud animals. She gets very dirty and her clothes get very dirty too. But Lily does not like to bathe. She thinks bathing is boring and cold and wet. She runs away when her mom calls her to the bathroom. She hides under the bed or behind the sofa or in the closet. Her mom is patient. She does not get angry or yell at Lily. She waits and waits and waits. She says, Lily, it is time to bathe. Bathing is good for you. It makes you clean and fresh and happy. You can play with your toys in the water. You can make bubbles and splash and sing. Please come to the bathroom, Lily. Lily hears her mom and feels a little sorry. She knows her mom loves her and wants her to be healthy and comfortable. She also knows her mom will not give up. She decides to give bathing a try. She comes out of her hiding place and goes to the bathroom. Her mom is happy to see her. She helps her take off her dirty clothes and puts them in the hamper. She fills the tub with warm water and adds some soap and shampoo. She gives Lily a rubber duck and a boat and a sponge. She says, Lily, you can bathe now. Have fun and be careful. I will be right here if you need me. Lily gets into the tub and feels the water on her skin. She likes how it feels. She plays with her toys and makes bubbles and splash and sing. She lets her mom wash her hair and body with the sponge. She rinses off the soap and shampoo with the shower head. She feels clean and fresh and happy. She says, Mom, thank you for bathing me. I like bathing now. It is not boring or cold or wet. It is fun and warm and nice. Can I bathe again tomorrow? Her mom smiles and hugs her. She says, Lily, you are welcome. I am proud of you for trying something new. You can bathe again tomorrow, but only after you play in the mud.Once upon a time, there was a farmer. He lived far away, in a distant place. The farmer liked to stop and pause when he worked. He would rest and look around, to take in the sights. One day, he saw something strange. It was a small, white animal with big ears. He had never seen one before! He paused and watched it, wondering what it was. Suddenly, it started to hop away. The farmer ran after it, crossing fields and hills. He finally caught up to the animal and paused to look at it. It was a rabbit, and it hopped away again. The farmer paused to laugh. He was happy to see the rabbit, even if it was far away. He waved goodbye, and the rabbit hopped away into the distant, green fields.Once upon a time, there was a little girl called Mary who loved to admire everything around her. One day, she and her dad went for a walk in the park. They stopped near a big open field where she could admire the clouds in the sky. Look dad! she said, pointing to the clouds, Do you see all the shapes the clouds make? Her dad replied, Yes, Mary, I too admire the beautiful shapes they make. Mary and her dad continued walking and soon they came across a pile of coal. Mary was surprised to see this and asked her dad, What is that? Her dad explained, That is coal. It is used to make fire and heat. Mary continued to admire the coal, but her dad warned her, You need to be very careful around the coal, Mary, an open flame can be very dangerous. Once they were finished admiring the coal, Marys dad told her an important lesson. Admiring things from a distance is important, but it is also important to know when something is too dangerous to get too close to. The moral of the story is that it is important to admire the things around us, but it is also important to know when something is too risky to get too close to.Once there was a boy, who was only three years old. He had a big day, and he wanted to remember it. He started his morning with a smooth banana. After that he put on his smooth shoes and went outside. There were lots of questions that he wanted to ask. He wanted to know why the clouds were so fluffy, and why the birds were so happy. So he asked his mum as many questions as he could. She answered them all and he felt very content. At the end of the day, he remembered all the things he had done and all the questions he had asked. It was a great day for him. He was happy he had remembered.A boy named Jack was walking outside. He saw a regular motor lying by the side of the street. He was very curious and wanted to pick it up. Suddenly, an old man came up to him and offered to let him have it. Jack was so excited and thanked the man. He took the motor and started playing with it. Jack soon realized that the motor was broken. He started to feel very sad. The old man noticed Jacks childish disappointment and offered to take him to his garage. Jack agreed and followed the old man. In the garage the old man fixed the motor with the help of some tools. After the motor was fixed, the old man offered it to Jack as a present. Jack was so happy and thanked the old man for his kind gesture. He happily took the motor home, and from that day forward, his regular motor was his best friend.Once upon a time, there was a brave boy. His mom and dad called him Joey. One day, Joey went for an adventure in the woods and found a special box. The box had a shiny button on it. Joey was excited by what he found and wanted to thank the person who put the box in the woods. He asked the trees if they knew who put the box there and they said they didnt know. Then, Joey noticed a small mouse and he asked the mouse, Hey little mouse, who put the box here? The mouse said, I did. Joey was so happy, he thanked the mouse and asked him what was inside the box. The mouse smiled and said, There is something very useful inside. Press the button and youll see. Joey was so happy, he quickly pressed the button. When he opened the lid of the box, he found a red hat. Joey thanked the mouse, put on the hat, and went on his way. The End.Once upon a time there was a little boy. He loved to roll around, but one day he found something even more fun. It was a lovely rubber ball! He noticed that it was small and round, but it was also charming. âœWow!â he said in surprise. He touched it and he knew that he wanted it. He picked it up and threw it. It rolled around the room and the boy laughed and laughed. He followed the ball and kept throwing it over and over again. Suddenly, he heard a voice. âœWhat do you think youâre doing with my ball?â it said. The little boy looked up and saw a dog. He was cute and friendly and he stood there wagging his tail. âœI was just playing,â the boy said. âœCan we play together?â asked the dog. The boy smiled and said, âœYes!â So they played together the entire day. They rolled the rubber ball back and forth, laughing and having a good time. It was a really charming afternoon.Once upon a time, there was a nosy cat named Kitty. Kitty loved to mix things. One day, she found a big clock in the house. She wanted to know how it worked, so she decided to take it apart. Kitty took off the clock hands and found lots of little pieces inside. She mixed all the pieces in a big bowl. Kittys friend, Doggy, came into the room and saw what she was doing. Doggy said, Kitty, what are you doing with the clock? Kitty replied, I wanted to see how it worked, so I mixed all the pieces together. Doggy helped Kitty put the clock back together. They worked together and fixed the clock. From that day on, Kitty and Doggy became the best of friends, and they learned that its more fun to be curious together.Once upon a time there was a little fish. He was so happy to swim in the pond. One day, he swam further away from his pond than usual and he saw a big bowl with clear, tasty water. He wanted to take a dip and he quickly jumped in. The fish was so excited to be swimming in the bowl of tasty water that he stayed in for a very long time. He was having so much fun splashing around that he did not realise that the water was slowly soaking into his skin. Suddenly the bowl started to get smaller and smaller. The fish tried to jump out, but he couldnât. He was stuck! He cried out, âœHelp me! Please help me!â Desperate, the fish shouted to his friends in the pond, âœDo not jump in the bowl! Stay in the pond!â The fishâs friends listened and stayed away. Sadly, the bowl shrunk so much that the poor fish died. This storyâs moral is important always listen to your friendsâ advice, even though it might seem fun not to.Once upon a time, there was a cheerful little girl named Lily. She loved to wander through the forest and pick flowers. One day, she met a friendly squirrel who asked her what she was doing. Im looking for pretty flowers, said Lily. Suddenly, they heard a loud noise. It was a big, scary bear! The squirrel was afraid and ran away, but Lily stood her ground. She saw that the bear had a knife in its paw and was looking for something to eat. Lily had an idea. She picked some berries and offered them to the bear. The bear was so happy that it forgot about the knife and ate the berries instead. The bear and Lily became friends and wandered through the forest together, picking flowers and berries. From that day on, they always looked out for each other.Once upon a time, there was a little girl who had a smooth doll. Every day, she would take her doll on a trip and learn new things. But one day, she wanted to go on a longer trip than usual and her parents said no. The little girl was so sad and wanted to learn more, so she kept asking and asking. Finally, the little girls parents agreed that she could go on the special trip if she promised to be careful. She was so excited and promised to be extra careful. On the day of the trip, the little girl was surrounded by new things. She did not know where to look first. The little girl had a smooth and wonderful time. She ate new and strange types of food and tried new things she had never seen before. She even found a new game to play, and she was excited for more trips like that one. At the end of the day, the little girl learned a lot. She had a great adventure and she was so happy. The little girl learned that when she works hard, she can go on special trips and have fun.Once upon a time, there was a turkey. The turkey was walking slow in the farm. Suddenly, a boy came and wanted to play with the turkey. The boy chased the turkey and the turkey got scared. The turkey tried to fly away but it couldnt. Then, the boy caught the turkey and held it tight. The turkey didnt like it and tried to break free. But the boy was too strong. The turkey got tired and stopped moving. The boy thought the turkey was sleeping, but it was not. The turkey was gone forever. The boy felt sad and didnt know what to do.Once upon a time, there was a little bird who wanted to escape its home. So one bright day, it left its tree and flew away. The bird soared up and down until it found a huge tree with lots of ripe fruit. It ate some juicy apples and sweet oranges, then hopped around the tree looking for more. But soon, the bird heard a loud noise from nearby. It was a serious bear, and it was looking for food! The bear was growling, and looked angry. The little bird was scared, so it quickly flew away as fast as it could. It zoomed away from the big bear and flew back to its tree safe and sound. The little bird was happy to have escaped the bear, and vowed to always stay away from serious animals. From then on, it was happy with just eating the delicious fruit from its own tree.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his kite. He would run and run until the kite flew high in the sky. One day, Timmy met a new friend named Billy. Billy was an ignorant boy who didnt know much about kites. Timmy tried to teach Billy how to fly the kite, but Billy didnt listen. He thought he knew everything. Timmy decided to test Billys knowledge by asking him questions about kites. Billy couldnt answer any of the questions. Timmy realized that Billy needed to learn more about kites before he could play with them. He decided to teach Billy everything he knew about kites so they could play together happily.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to explore the woods near her house with her dog, Max. One day, Lily found a pretty flower that looked unusual. She picked it up and showed it to Max. Max sniffed it and wagged his tail. Lily put the flower in her pocket and continued to play. But when she got home, she started to feel sick. Her mom asked her what was wrong, and Lily said her tummy hurt. Her mom took her to the doctor, who said Lily had eaten something poisonous. Lilys mom asked her where she had been and what she had eaten. Lily remembered the unusual flower she had found and showed it to her mom. Her mom explained that some things in nature can be dangerous and that she needed to be careful. From that day on, Lily always made sure to ask her mom before eating or touching anything unusual.One day, a girl named Sarah was walking around her neighbourhood when she saw a luxury car. She wanted it to be hers, so she wished and wished and wished. Suddenly, the car started to move on its own. Sarah raced after the car. After a few hours, the car stopped in front of an old house. The house looked so harsh and uninviting, but Sarah was too curious to back out. Sarah knocked on the door and a strange lady appeared. She said to Sarah, This car is yours now. Whenever you are sad, just drive in your luxury car and you will become happy! Sarah was confused and said, But why would I be sad? The strange lady smiled and said, Youll know one day. Take the car and dont be sad anymore! So with a satisfied smile, Sarah became the proud owner of the luxury car and drove away.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to draw and write on his paper. He would use his crayons to make pretty pictures. One day, Timmy went outside to play. The sun was shining bright in the sky. Timmy felt happy and calm as he played in the warm sun. When he went back inside, he wrote a story about his fun day in the sun. Timmy was proud of his writing and showed it to his mom. She smiled and told him it was wonderful. From then on, Timmy loved to write stories about his adventures in the sun.Once upon a time there was a boy named Jack. He lived in the city and loved to explore. One day Jacks mom said to him, Jack, why dont you look around the city and see what you can find? So Jack went. He looked around the city and found a big, black crow. He asked the crow, What should I do? The crow said, If you want to learn something new, look closely and youll find something to teach you. So Jack looked closely at the city. Everywhere he looked he found something new. He learned that being curious was a good way to learn about the world. Meanwhile, Jacks mom was looking for him. When she finally found him, she said to him, Jack, you know you should never wander off without telling someone first, right? Jack nodded and said, Im sorry, Mom. I was just looking, and I found something new. I learned that looking and being curious is a good thing. I wont wander off again. Jacks mom smiled and said, Thats my smart boy. From now on be sure to look, but always stay close to home. Jack learned an important lesson that day that its good to look around and explore, but its also important to stay close to home.On Sunday, a bald man came to visit the family. He was tall. Everyone said hello. The bald man raised his arms. He said, I am here to help! He had a big box and in it was a puppy. Everyone cheered. The puppy was so small and wiggled around! Mama said, Lets go outside and raise the puppy together. So they went outside and played with the puppy. They all laughed and gave him many hugs and cuddles. The puppy and the bald man were now part of the family. From then on, every Sunday was a special day for them.Toby was very miserable. He had dropped his favourite toy and it was broken. He looked across the room and saw his bookshelf. He went to it and took out a big pile of books. Toby spread the books across the floor and sat down in the middle. It was like a big blanket. Toby lay down and it covered him all the way up to his chin. Toby was happy and snuggled under the books. He didnt feel miserable anymore. He smiled and went to sleep.Once upon a time, there was a brother and sister. The brothers name was Sam and the sisters name was Julie. It was a Wednesday and they were getting ready to go to the park. Sam was very careful when he got dressed, but Julie was careless. When they got to the park all their friends were there. Sam, Julie and their friends liked to listen for animals in the park. They carefully listened for birds, squirrels and other animals. But all they heard was the wind blowing in the trees. A little while later, the sun started to go down. Sam and Julie held hands and started to walk back home. Sam reminded Julie to be careful so they wouldnt get lost. When they got home, Julie said thank you to Sam for being so careful. The next Wednesday, Julie was careful when she got dressed. She listened carefully as Sam reminded her to look both ways before crossing the street. Sam was happy that Julie was paying attention. Sam and Julie walked to the park and listened for animals, enjoying the time they spent together being careful.The family went for a walk in the park. The sun was shining and the sky was a bright blue. Daddy asked his two daughters if they wanted to play. The little girl, who was three, said she wanted to go to the swings. Daddy said it was a great idea so off they went. The little girl ran to the swings and started to swing. She squealed with delight as Daddy pushed her higher and higher. Soon, her sister wanted to join in. Daddy asked her if she wanted to swing on the big swing or the small one, and the little girl said the small one. So Daddy put his two daughters on the swing, one on each side and they swung together, laughing and singing. They had a great time. When they were done swinging, Daddy asked the little girl what she wanted to do next. She pointed to the slide and said, âœSlide!â Daddy said that was a great idea, so he carried them both to the top of the slide. He showed them how to sit down and slide down the slide easily. The little girl had a great sight when she looked down the slide. She smiled and said, âœLets do that again!â So they did, again and again, until the girls were ready to go.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved icecream. He would eat it every day if he could. One day, Timmy went to the park to play. He saw an icecream truck and ran to catch it. When he got there, he saw an ugly monster driving the truck. Timmy was scared and ran away. But then he remembered the icecream and went back to catch it. The monster gave him a big, delicious icecream cone and Timmy was happy. The end.Lily and Ben were friends who liked to play in the park. One day, they saw a big truck with a sign that said Ice Cream. They ran to the truck and asked for some ice cream. What flavor do you want? the man in the truck said. I want chocolate! Lily said. I want vanilla! Ben said. The man gave them each a cone with a scoop of ice cream. They paid him with some coins that their moms had given them. Thank you! they said and walked away. They licked their ice cream and smiled. It was cold and sweet and yummy. This is the best ice cream ever! Lily said. I agree! Ben said. They saw a bench and sat down to enjoy their treat. But then, they noticed something strange. There was another cone on the bench, with a scoop of ice cream that was green and had brown spots. Who left this here? Lily wondered. I dont know. Maybe someone forgot it, Ben said. They looked around, but they did not see anyone who looked like they owned the cone. Maybe we should try it, Lily said. It might be good. I dont know. It looks weird, Ben said. Lily was curious. She picked up the cone and took a small bite. She made a face. Yuck! This is awful! she said. It tastes like grass and dirt and bugs! She spit out the ice cream and threw the cone away. Are you okay? Ben asked. Im fine. But that was the worst ice cream ever! Lily said. They hugged each other and decided to never try unknown ice cream again. They finished their own ice cream and threw away their cones. They learned a lesson that day. They learned that not all ice cream is good, and that some things have no value. They also learned to be happy with what they have, and to share it with their friends.Lila was a very intelligent girl. She liked to learn new things and ask questions. She also liked to help her mom and dad with chores. One morning, she wanted to surprise her mom with a cup of coffee. She knew her mom loved coffee and always drank it when she woke up. Lila went to the kitchen and saw the coffee machine. She remembered how her mom used it. She pushed some buttons and waited for the coffee to come out. She found a mug and poured some coffee into it. She was very careful not to spill or burn herself. She added some milk and sugar, just like her mom liked. She carried the mug to her moms bedroom. She saw her mom sleeping on the bed. She smiled and walked quietly. She wanted to put the mug on the nightstand, but she saw something on the way. It was a big spider. It was crawling on the floor, near the bed. Lila hated spiders. She thought they were scary and gross. She wanted to scream, but she didnt want to wake up her mom. She decided to protect her mom from the spider. She put the mug down on the floor and grabbed a shoe. She aimed at the spider and threw the shoe. She hoped to hit the spider and make it go away. But she missed. The shoe hit the wall and made a loud noise. Her mom woke up and saw Lila holding another shoe. Lila, what are you doing? her mom asked, rubbing her eyes. Mom, Im sorry, I wanted to make you coffee, but there was a spider, and I tried to protect you, but I missed, and I made a noise, and Im sorry, and I love you, Lila said, all in one breath. Her mom looked at the mug of coffee, the shoe on the wall, and the spider on the floor. She smiled and hugged Lila. Lila, you are so sweet and intelligent. Thank you for making me coffee and trying to protect me. I love you too. But next time, please dont throw shoes at spiders. They are not so bad. They are just animals. They dont want to hurt us. They are more afraid of us than we are of them. Lila nodded and cuddled with her mom. She felt happy and proud. She gave her mom the coffee and watched her drink it. She thought her mom was the best mom in the world. And she thought maybe spiders were not so bad after all.A great elephant was walking through the forest. He was feeling very happy, but he didnt know that danger was ahead. Suddenly the elephant came across a hunter with a gun. The hunter wanted to punish the elephant for coming too close. The elephant was scared and ran away as fast as it could. The hunter chased the elephant, but it was no use. The elephant was too fast and soon it escaped. The hunter was furious and wanted to punish the elephant, but it was too late. The elephant was relieved that it had escaped punishment. It was so grateful that it could be free and enjoy the great forest. It was a happy elephant after that day.Lily and Tom were playing in the park. They liked to climb the big tree and look at the birds and the sky. They took turns to sit on the highest branch and pretend they were flying. Look, Lily, I can see a cloud that looks like a bunny! Tom said, pointing at the sky. I see it, Tom, its so cute! Lily said, smiling. She wanted to see more clouds, so she moved to the edge of the branch. But the branch was not strong enough to hold her. It made a loud snap and broke. Lily fell down and landed on the grass. She felt dizzy and hurt. Ow, ow, ow! she cried. Tom, help me! Tom heard her cry and quickly climbed down the tree. He ran to Lily and hugged her. Lily, are you okay? Im sorry, Im sorry, its my fault! he said, feeling scared and sorry. No, Tom, its not your fault. It was an accident. But I think I need a bandaid, Lily said, looking at her scraped knee. Lets go find Mommy. She will make you feel better, Tom said, helping Lily stand up. They walked to the bench where their mommy was reading a book. She saw them and smiled. Hi, kids, did you have fun in the tree? she asked. But then she noticed Lilys knee and her sad face. Oh, no, what happened, Lily? she asked, worried. Lily and Tom told her what happened. Mommy hugged them and kissed them. Dont worry, Lily, its just a little scratch. I have a bandaid in my bag. And Tom, youre a good brother for helping Lily. Im proud of you both, she said, putting the bandaid on Lilys knee. Lily felt better and smiled. She thanked Mommy and Tom. Can we still play in the tree, Mommy? she asked. Sure, but be careful, okay? And dont go to the edge of the branch. Its not safe, Mommy said. Okay, Mommy, we will. We love you, Mommy, Lily and Tom said. They hugged Mommy and ran back to the tree. They climbed it again and looked for more clouds. They saw one that looked like a heart. They smiled and waved at it. They were happy.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to help her mommy in the kitchen. One day, her mommy asked her to reach for the salt on the top shelf. But Lily was too short to reach it. She tried standing on her tippy toes, but she still couldnt reach it. Lilys mommy said, Oh no, we need the salt for our fancy dinner tonight. What are we going to do? Lily thought for a moment and then said, I have an idea! I can climb on the chair and reach it! Her mommy was worried, but she helped Lily climb on the chair and she was able to reach the salt. But then, as they were cooking, Lily accidentally spilled the salt all over the floor. Her mommy was upset and said, Oh no, now we have a big mess to clean up! Lily felt bad and said, Im sorry mommy. Ill help you clean it up. They worked together to clean up the salt and the kitchen was spotless again.Once upon a time, there was an old turtle who lived in a pond. The old turtle had seen many things in his long life, but he was always happy to meet new friends. One day, a young rabbit came to the pond to play. The old turtle was happy to have a new friend. But the young rabbit was very curious and liked to explore. One day, she wandered too far from the pond and got lost. She tried to find her way back, but she didnt know where to go. She was scared and didnt know what to do. Thats when the old turtle came to the rescue. He had seen the young rabbit wander off and had been watching her from a distance. He followed her and when she got lost, he helped her escape from the woods. The young rabbit was grateful and promised to never wander off again. From that day on, the old turtle and the young rabbit were the best of friends.Once there was a great man called Tom. Tom loved to go fishing. Every day he would take his rod to the beach and stand by the sea. He waited for the fish to come by. One day, he saw a big fish swimming in the water. It was too far away, so he decided to dive in and try and catch it. Tom took a deep breath and then dived! In and out of the water he went, until eventually he was able to grab hold of the fish. It was a great catch! He quickly put it in his basket and then walked back to shore. Tom was delighted and wanted to show everyone his great catch. He asked his friends and family to come to the beach and they clapped and cheered when they saw the big fish! Tom was very proud of his rod. He had done a great job catching the fish, and he was ready to dive again tomorrow.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. Today, she woke up and saw a weird bird outside her window. It was very big and had colorful feathers. Lily wanted to play with the bird, but it flew away. Later, Lilys mommy asked her to mail a letter to her grandma. Lily was excited to help and put the letter in the mailbox. She felt proud to help her mommy. That night, Lily dreamt about the weird bird and her grandma getting the letter. She was happy and went to sleep with a smile on her face.Mia was at the beach with her mom. She was so excited! She looked around and saw a dolphin swimming in the water. She asked her mom if she could catch it. Her mom said it might be too hard for little Mia, but if she was patient, she could try. Mia was determined to catch the dolphin. She waited and watched the dolphins for a long time. Finally one of the dolphins swam close to the shore. Mia ran in the water and tried to grab the dolphin. She was getting closer and closer and then, finally, she caught it! Mia was so excited she could hardly believe it. Mia held on to the dolphin tight and it jumped and splashed around in the water. Mia was so proud of herself. She had been patient and it paid off. Mia and her dolphin played together until sunset and then the dolphin swam away. Mia had a great day with her new friend and would never forget it.There was a little girl named Jane who loved to play on the slide. She would go to the playground every day and slide down the big slide again and again. One day, she was running up the stairs to the slide when she slipped and fell. She was worried as it hurt a lot. Janes mom heard her crying and quickly ran to see what was wrong. She asked what had happened, and Jane told her that she had fallen when she ran to the slide. Janes mom was very worried, but she was also very kind. She hugged Jane and told her that it was ok to be scared sometimes. She said that she was there to help and make sure Jane was alright. Her mom helped Jane back onto the slide, and after that, no more worry. Jane slid down the slide with a big smile, enjoying her time playing with her mom.Sara likes pink. She has a pink dress, a pink hat, and a pink bike. She likes to ride her bike in the park with her parent. One day, she sees a big dog in the park. The dog is not pink. It is black and white and has a loud bark. Sara stops her bike and stares at the dog. She is not scared, but curious. She wants to pet the dog, but she does not know if the dog is friendly. She looks at her parent and asks, Can I touch the dog? Her parent smiles and says, You can, but you have to ask the owner first. The owner is the person who has the leash. The leash is the rope that connects the dog and the owner. The owner can tell you if the dog likes to be touched or not. Sara nods and rides her bike closer to the owner. The owner is a lady with a blue shirt and a green hat. She sees Sara and smiles too. She says, Hello, little girl. Do you like my dog? His name is Spot. Sara says, Hello, lady. I like your dog. He is big and has a loud bark. Can I touch him? The lady says, Sure, you can. Spot is very friendly. He likes to be touched. But you have to be gentle and slow. Do not pull his fur or his ears. Just stroke his back and his head. Sara says, Okay, I will be gentle and slow. She gets off her bike and walks to Spot. She reaches out her hand and touches his back. Spot wags his tail and licks her face. Sara giggles and says, He is soft and warm. He likes me. The lady says, He does like you. You are a good girl. Do you want to play with him for a while? Sara looks at her parent and says, Can I play with him, please? Her parent says, Yes, you can. But stay close and be careful. I will watch you from here. Sara says, Thank you, parent. Thank you, lady. Thank you, Spot. She runs and plays with the dog in the park. She is happy. She likes pink, but she also likes black and white.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the park. One day, she found a big, green leaf on the ground. She picked it up and showed it to her mom. Look, Mommy! This leaf is so pretty, Lily said. Her mom smiled and said, Yes, it is. But its also dirty. Lets wash it. So, they went inside and washed the leaf with soap and water until it was clean. After they finished, Lilys mom said, Wow, you did a great job washing that leaf. You have strong hands. Lily beamed with pride and said, Thank you, Mommy! From that day on, Lily loved to help her mom wash things and show off her strong hands.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys and run around outside. But sometimes, she didnt behave very well. Her mommy would say, Lily, you need to behave and listen to me. One day, Lilys mommy told her they were going to visit her grandma. Lily was very excited because she loved her grandma. When they got there, Lily saw a big clock on the wall. Her grandma said, Lily, can you count the minutes on the clock? Lily counted to sixty and her grandma was very impressed. She said, Lily, you are so smart! From that minute on, Lily felt very proud of herself and made sure to behave well during their visit.Lily and Ben are eager to go to the park. They put on their hats and shoes and run to the door. But Mom says, Wait, you have to stay here. It is raining outside. You will get wet and cold. Lily and Ben are sad. They do not like to stay inside. They want to play on the swings and slides. They look out the window and see a big black cloud. It makes loud noises and drops water on the ground. Mom says, Do not worry, the rain will stop soon. Then we can go to the park. Why dont you play with your toys for a while? You have many fun toys to choose from. Lily and Ben nod. They go to their room and find their toys. They have cars and dolls and blocks and books. They start to play with them and make up stories. They forget about the rain and have fun. After a while, Mom comes to their room and says, Guess what? The rain is gone. The sun is shining. We can go to the park now. Are you ready? Lily and Ben are happy. They put away their toys and grab their hats and shoes. They run to the door and say, Yes, we are ready. Lets go to the park! They are eager to see the swings and slides and the flowers and the birds. They thank Mom for letting them play with their toys and for taking them to the park. They have a great day.Once upon a time there was a bridge. The bridge was very long and it crossed over a deep, wide river. The bridge was very reliable, so people knew that it was safe to use. One day, a boy wanted to cross the bridge. He was only three years old, so he was scared to try. He took a deep breath and slowly stepped onto the bridge. He held tight to the ropes as he walked, but he still felt scared. At the end of the bridge, the boy saw his mom waiting. She cheered and clapped for him. He was so relieved that he had made it across the bridge all by himself. He had been brave, and he had tried really hard. The bridge was reliable, and it had helped the boy cross the river. That made him feel really happy.Tom and Sue were friends who liked to play on the beach. They made sand castles and looked for shells and crabs. One day, they saw a big boat on the water. It was long and had many sails. Wow, look at that boat! Tom said. I want to go on it and see the world. Me too, Sue said. But how can we get there? It is too far and the water is deep. They thought for a while. Then Tom had an idea. I know! We can make a raft with wood and rope. Then we can paddle to the boat. It will be fun! Sue liked the idea. They found some wood and rope on the beach and worked hard to make a raft. They used their jackets as paddles. They were proud of their raft. Are you ready? Tom asked. Yes, lets go! Sue said. They pushed their raft into the water and climbed on. They paddled towards the boat. They were happy and excited. But they did not notice that the tide was changing. The water was moving away from the shore. The boat was getting farther and farther. The raft was getting smaller and smaller. Tom, Im scared, Sue said. We are too far from the beach. How can we go back? Tom looked around. He saw that they were in trouble. He wished they had not left the shore. Dont worry, Sue, he said. We will be okay. We have to support each other. We have to paddle harder. We have to wait for the tide to change again. Then the water will bring us back. He tried to sound brave, but he was scared too. He hoped that someone would see them and help them. He hoped that the tide would change soon. He hoped that they would see the beach again.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Sarah who was very curious about the world. She had a special request for her parents. She wanted to have a clown at her birthday party. The parents were not sure. They thought it was too scary. But Sarah was very sure. She insisted and insisted, so her parents finally said yes. She was so happy and excited. She told everyone at school she was having a clown at her party. Her friends were so excited and they couldnt wait! On the day of the party, they were all there. The clown came out of the door and everyone was so surprised! He was wearing a purple costume and a purple hat. He had a big, silly smile. The children were laughing and clapping. They had so much fun with the clown that day. Sarah was so happy and she knew that she had been right to insist on the clown in the first place.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. Lily loved to play with her toy cat and write letters. She was very good at writing letters. One day, Lily decided to mail a letter to her friend, Tim. She wanted to show him a new spell she learned. Lily wrote the letter and put it in an envelope. She felt a little embarrassed because she was not sure if Tim would like the spell. But she was excited to share it with him. She put the letter in the mailbox and waited for Tim to get it. But something bad happened. The letter got lost in the mail. Tim never got the letter with the spell. Lily felt very sad and embarrassed. She wished she had told Tim about the spell in person. Now, Tim would never know the fun spell Lily wanted to share.Grandpa was heading up the attic stairs as he heard a little voice calling for him. He smiled when he saw his grandson, Alex, enthusiastically waiting for him. âœCome on, Grandpa! Letâs go to the attic!â Grandpa was surprised. He hadnât expected Alex to be so keen on exploring the attic, but he thought it would be fun to play detective with his curious grandchild. When they reached the attic, Alex seemed to sense something that startled him. He reached for Grandpaâs hand. âœWhatâs wrong, little one?â Grandpa asked, squeezing his hand. âœThe attic looks soâbitter, Alex said, feeling a sudden chill. He clung onto Grandpa, scared. Grandpa chuckled softly, âœWe just need to find the surprise thatâs hiding in here. I promise everything will be alright.â Alexs eyes lit up. A surprise? They searched everywhere, and eventually found it â some old childhood photos of Grandpa and his brother. Alex hugged Grandpa and whispered, âœI love you, Grandpa!â Grandpa smiled and said, âœIâm so happy that surprised made up for the bitterness we felt before.âOnce upon a time, there was a pretty little girl called Lucy. She lived in a castle with her two very best friends, Bill and Jill. One day, they decided to explore the castle grounds. As they were playing hideandseek, they stumbled across an old cave. From deep inside, they could hear a strange noise. Cautiously, the friends decided to investigate. They saw a beautiful diamond, sparkling and shining like a star. Jill said, Wow, its so pretty! Suddenly, a big, scary dragon appeared. Lucy gasped in fear. The dragon growled and said, You must go now! This is my diamond and I dont want you to destroy it! The friends quickly ran away and never went near the cave again. The dragon kept his special diamond safe and sound.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Sarah. She had a tooth that was very rare. One day, she decided to take a walk to relax. As Sarah was walking outside, she saw two dogs playing together. One was a small pup and the other was a big dog. She asked the pupppy, âœCan I play with you?â The puppy said, âœNo, I want to relax with my friend.â Sarah was sad and she started to cry. She wanted to play with the puppy and her rare tooth was hurting her. Just then, a kind older woman came over and said, âœDonât cry little one. Why donât you play with me?â Sarah smiled and nodded. She followed the woman and they played together until she forgot all about her tooth. That night, Sarah went to bed feeling happy and relaxed. She was glad shed had such a fun day.Once upon a time, a silly cat named Mittens was playing with fire. Mittens thought it was fun to play with fire, but he didnt know it was dangerous. Suddenly, the ground began to tremble and Mittens got scared. He ran away from the fire and hid under a tree. Mittens realized that playing with fire was not a good idea. He felt silly for not knowing that it was dangerous. Mittens learned his lesson and promised to never play with fire again. From then on, he played with safe toys and enjoyed his life without any danger.Lila and Ben are friends. They like to play in the park. One day, they see a big slide. Lila wants to go first. She climbs up the ladder and sits on the slide. Ben waits at the bottom. Ready, set, go! Lila says. She pushes herself down the slide. She goes very fast. She feels the wind in her hair. She smiles. She sees Ben at the bottom. He claps his hands. Wow, Lila, you are so brave! Ben says. Can I try? Sure, Ben, it is fun! Lila says. She helps him climb up the ladder. He sits on the slide. He looks at the park. He sees the trees, the flowers, the birds. He sees a distant hill. He sees something shiny on the hill. He wonders what it is. Ready, set, go! Ben says. He pushes himself down the slide. He goes very fast. He feels the wind in his face. He laughs. He sees Lila at the bottom. She waves her hand. Wow, Ben, you are so fast! Lila says. Did you see the shiny thing on the hill? Yes, I did, Lila. What is it? Ben says. I dont know, Ben. Maybe it is a treasure. Do you want to go and see? Lila says. Yes, I do, Lila. Lets go! Ben says. They run to the hill. They climb up the hill. They find the shiny thing. It is a big jar. It is full of olives. They like olives. They are hungry. Look, Lila, it is a jar of olives! Ben says. Yummy, Ben, lets eat some! Lila says. They open the jar. They take some olives. They eat them. They are delicious. They share them. They are happy. They have a picnic on the hill. They see the park. They see the slide. They see their friends. They wave to them. They are glad. They have a good day.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved chocolate more than anything in the world. One day, her mommy let her have a big piece of chocolate. It was mighty delicious! But then, Lily started feeling a little funny. Her tummy started hurting and she felt sick. Her mommy told her that too much chocolate can make you feel sick. From that day on, Lily learned that she should only have a little bit of chocolate at a time. She still loved it, but she was careful not to eat too much. And every time she had a little bit, she remembered how mighty delicious it was, but also how important it was to not eat too much.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. He was a reliable friend, always helping others when they needed it. Tim had a big toy box with lots of fun toys to play with. He liked to play with his toy cars and his toy animals. One day, Tim was playing with his toys when he felt like he needed to go to the toilet. He ran to the bathroom as fast as his little legs could carry him. Tim was very proud that he could use the toilet all by himself. After Tim used the toilet, he went back to play with his toys. But, he could not find his favorite toy car. Tim started to cry because he was very sad. His mom came to help him look for the toy car. They searched everywhere, and finally, they found it under the couch. Tim was so happy, and he stopped crying. He thanked his mom and continued playing with his toys, knowing that his mom was always there to help him.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved playing with her toys, especially her yellow model car. One day, Lilys mom brought home a big box and told Lily to unpack it. Lily was excited to see what was inside. As she opened the box, she saw a bunch of pieces that looked like they could make something cool. Lilys mom helped her put the pieces together, and soon they had made a big yellow model airplane. Lily was so happy and couldnt wait to play with it. The next day, Lily and her mom went to the park to fly the model airplane. As they were playing, a strong wind blew and the airplane started to fly away. Lilys mom quickly ran after it and caught it just in time. Lily was so grateful that her mom saved her special yellow model airplane. From then on, they made sure to always fly it in a safe place.Once upon a time there was a postman called Joe. Joe loved his job. Every day, he got up early and delivered letters and parcels to everyone in the village. Joe was always happy because he was successful at delivering the post. One day Joe had a bad feeling. It was a feeling of regret. Instead of taking the long way to the village, he decided to take a shortcut through the woods. Joe had never gone through the woods before. When Joe reached the middle of the woods, he realised his mistake. He was lost! Joe was scared and started to cry. He called out as loud as he could and soon enough a kind old man heard Joes cries. The man was very helpful and helped Joe out of the woods and back home again. Joe hugged the old man and thanked him for finding him. It was a lesson for Joe and he promised himself that he would never regret taking a shortcut through the woods again. From that day onward, Joe was always successful at delivering the post.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Sally. Sally was very excited as it was dinner time. Sallys tummy was grumbling with hunger. She raced to the table, looking forward to dinner. Momma, whats for dinner? Sally asked with excitement. Pasta! Her Momma said with a big smile. Yay! Sally said and clapped her hands. Sallys Momma started to cook the pasta. While it was cooking, Sally was getting more and more excited. Once the pasta was ready, Momma put a plate of pasta in front of Sally. Its time to eat, Momma said. Sally took a bite and said Mmmm, this pasta is the best! I demand more pasta please, Momma. Momma was so happy that Sally liked her pasta so much, she put more on her plate. Sally smiled, thanked her Momma, and continued to eat her yummy dinner.Once upon a time, in a small town, there was a boy named Tim. Tim loved to kick a ball. One day, he found a rare, big ball in his yard. He was very happy and wanted to play with it. Tim went to his friend, Sam, and said, Look at my rare ball! Lets kick and play with it! Sam was excited too, and they started to play. They kicked the ball high and far, laughing and having fun. Then, Tim kicked the ball very hard. It went up, up, up, and then it came down, down, down. The ball hit a window, and it broke. Tim and Sam were sad and scared. They knew they were in trouble. The bad ending made them learn to be more careful when they play.Once upon a time, there was a little kitten named Fluffy. Fluffy was a tough kitten, always playing and running around with her friends. One day, Fluffy and her friends were playing with a ball, but the ball rolled away and into the street. Fluffys friend, Spot, said, Ill get the ball! and ran into the street. But a car was speeding down the road and didnt see Spot. Fluffy gasped and cried out, Oh no! Spot! But just then, Fluffys mommy came running over and scooped up Spot. Dont worry, Fluffy, she said. Spot is okay. But we need to be careful around cars. They can be very dangerous. From that day on, Fluffy and her friends always looked both ways before crossing the street. And they never played with their ball near the road again.Tom and Lily are playing with their toy cars on the floor. They make zoom sounds as they move the cars around. They pretend the cars are racing and chasing each other. Zoom, zoom, zoom! Tom says. My car is faster than yours! No, its not! Lily says. My car is more attractive than yours! They look at each others cars. Toms car is red and shiny. Lilys car is pink and sparkly. They both think their car is the best. Suddenly, they hear a loud noise outside. They stop playing and listen. It sounds like a real car, but much louder and faster. What is that? Tom asks. Lets go and see! Lily says. They run to the window and look outside. They see a big, black car zooming down the street. It has a blue light on top and a siren that goes woowoowoo. It is a police car. Wow! Tom says. That car is so cool! Yeah! Lily says. That car is faster and more attractive than our cars! They watch the police car zoom away. They wonder where it is going and what it is doing. They wish they could ride in it. They go back to their toy cars. They pretend their cars are police cars too. They make siren sounds and zoom sounds as they play. Zoom, zoom, zoom! Tom says. We are the police! Woowoowoo! Lily says. We catch the bad guys! They have fun playing with their toy cars. They listen to each other and share their cars. They are happy.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her dolls and sing songs. One day, Lilys mom came in with some news. She said that they had to move to a new house far away. Lily was sad because she loved their beautiful home. When they got to the new house, Lily saw that it was not as beautiful as their old one. She felt unhappy and missed her old friends. But then, she saw a big rock in the backyard. She climbed on it and sat there, feeling better. She realized that even though things were different, she could still find happiness in new places. Lilys mom saw her sitting on the rock and came over to talk to her. They talked about how change can be hard, but it can also bring new adventures. Lily felt better and knew that she would make new friends and have new fun times in their new home.Once upon a time, there was a little bird who lived in a big tree. One day, the bird was flying around looking for twigs to build a nest. It was a hot day and the bird was feeling very thirsty. As the bird was flying, it saw a big puddle of water. The water looked cool and refreshing, but the bird noticed something strange. There was a big, scary cat hiding behind a bush near the puddle. The bird suggested to itself that it should be careful and not go near the puddle. But the bird was so thirsty that it forgot about the cat and flew down to the puddle to drink. As soon as the bird landed, the cat pounced and caught the bird in its sharp claws. The bird realized too late that it should have listened to its own suggestion and stayed away from the puddle. The end.Once upon a time, there was a van. It was filled with things that belonged to the family that lived there. One day, the van had to go away. It was very sad when it had to leave. The van was gone for a long time. When it returned, it was filled with items that made the family feel terrible. the family was very unhappy. But the family didnt give up. They worked together to fix up the van and make it look better. Soon enough, the van was beautiful like it used to be. Everyone was so happy to have the van back and the terrible items were gone. The family enjoyed riding in it and spending time together. The end.Lily and Ben were having dinner with their mom and dad. They had steak, potatoes and peas on their plates. Lily liked steak, but Ben did not. He thought it was too hard and chewy. Ben, eat your steak, please. Its good for you, said mom. No, I dont want it. Its yucky, said Ben. He pushed his plate away and made a face. Mom was not happy. She frowned and said, Ben, dont be rude. You have to try new things. You cant just eat pizza and ice cream every day. But I dont like steak. Its ugly and brown and smells bad, said Ben. He looked at Lily and saw that she was eating her steak with a big smile. She liked it a lot. She said, Ben, youre silly. Steak is yummy and juicy and makes you strong. Look, I can lift my fork with one hand. See? She lifted her fork high in the air and waved it around. She was trying to show Ben how strong she was. But she was not careful. She dropped her fork and it landed on dads head. It made a loud clink and dad jumped. He had steak and peas in his hair. Everyone looked at dad and started to laugh. Lily was embarrassed. She said, Oops, Im sorry, dad. I didnt mean to do that. Dad smiled and said, Its okay, Lily. It was an accident. But maybe next time, you can be more gentle with your fork. He took the fork and the steak and the peas off his head and put them on his plate. He said, Now, who wants some more steak? Lily and mom raised their hands. Ben shook his head. He still did not like steak. He said, No, thank you. Ill have some more pizza and ice cream, please. Mom and dad looked at each other and sighed. They hoped that one day, Ben would learn to like steak. But for now, they let him have his pizza and ice cream. They did not want to embarrass him more.Once upon a time, there was a cute puppy named Max. Max liked to play and run around the house. One day, Max saw a delicious bone on the table. He wanted to eat it, but he knew he wasnt allowed. Maxs owner, little Timmy, came into the room and said, Max, dont eat that bone. Its not for you. Max looked up at Timmy with his adorable eyes and wagged his tail. But Max couldnt resist the bone. He jumped on the table and tried to grab it. Suddenly, he slipped and fell off the table. He hurt his leg and couldnt walk anymore. Timmy was sad and took Max to the vet. The vet said Max had broken his leg and needed a cast. Max was in pain and couldnt play anymore. Timmy felt bad for Max and promised to take better care of him. From that day on, Max never tried to jump on the table again.Once upon a time, there was a tough butterfly that lived in the garden. Every day, the butterfly would fly around and explore. But one day, the butterfly came across something it didnt understand. It saw a big tall branch, covered in what looked like little hiding places. It was so curious, the butterfly decided to investigate. When the butterfly looked closer, it realised the little hiding places were full of seed! But the butterfly couldnt reach the seed. No matter how hard it tried, it just couldnt get to the top of the branch. Suddenly, it heard something, a deep and gentle voice. Little butterfly, why dont you rest for a moment? the voice said. The butterfly looked around and discovered that the voice had come from a kind little bird. The bird smiled and said If you let me serve you, little butterfly, I could help you get the seed. The butterfly thought long and hard, and decided to trust the bird. The bird served the butterfly by pushing her up toward the top of the branch. The butterfly was so happy she was able to get the seed. She thanked the bird for serving her, and promised to do the same if the bird ever needed help. This story has a moral value if you are in need, dont be afraid to ask for help. Sometimes, helping others can be more rewarding than it seems atOnce upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his ball. One day, Timmy went to play outside and his ball rolled away from him. Timmy tried to get his ball back, but it rolled down a big hill and into a well. Timmy was sad because he thought he would never see his ball again. But then, Timmy remembered something his mommy told him. She said, If something is hard to do, just take it easy and dont give up. So, Timmy took a deep breath and went to get his ball. He climbed down into the well and rolled the ball back up to the top. Timmy was so happy that he didnt give up and got his ball back. From that day on, Timmy remembered to take it easy and never give up when things get hard.Sandy and her mommy were walking through the meadow. Sandy was having a lot of fun, running around and picking flowers. Suddenly she spotted a rainbow in the sky. Look, Mommy! Sandy exclaimed, pointing excitedly at the rainbow. Mommy smiled at Sandy and said, Thats a beautiful rainbow, isnt it? Sandy nodded and watched in awe as the rainbow got bigger and brighter. Suddenly, it started to get cold and Sandy started to shiver. Lets go back, Sandy, said Mommy. Still mesmerized by the rainbow, Sandy didnt want to leave. Please surrender, Sandy said Mommy gently. That made Sandy laugh. She slowly surrendered and they headed back home. On the way, it started to rain. Sandy and Mommy danced in the rain and laughed. The rainbow kept them company until they reached home. Sandy said goodbye to the rainbow and smiled. She knew that even though the rain and cold were gone, the rainbow would always be there.Once there was a brave girl named Lucy. One day Lucy decided she wanted to have an adventure, so she built a tent in her backyard. It was an unusual tent, all different colors and shapes. Lucy brought some of her friends over to play in the tent with her. They all had fun playing hideandseek and singing songs in the tent. At one point they all started to get a bit bored. Lucy had an idea and said, Who dares to do something really fun? Everyone cheered and agreed to do something daring. They all ran out of the tent, laughing and shouting. They ran around the yard for a long time, playing silly games and daring each other to do all sorts of unusual things. Finally, when it was time to go home, everyone agreed that they had a wonderful time in Lucys tent. They all said they would never forget their daring adventure together.Lila and Ben were friends who liked to play in the garden. They saw many flowers, bugs and birds. They also saw a big plant with green beans. Lila liked beans and wanted to pick some. Look, Ben, beans! Lila said and pointed to the plant. Lets get some for lunch. Ben shook his head. No, Lila, we cant. Those are not our beans. They belong to Mr. Fox. He is very mean and will be angry if we take his beans. Lila did not listen to Ben. She thought Mr. Fox was not home and would not know. She ran to the plant and pulled some beans. Come on, Ben, these beans are great. Dont be scared. Ben was scared. He saw Mr. Fox coming back from the woods. He had a big basket of food. He also had sharp teeth and claws. He saw Lila and Ben near his plant. He was very angry. Hey, you little thieves! What are you doing with my beans? Mr. Fox shouted and ran to them. Give them back or I will eat you! Lila and Ben were very sorry. They dropped the beans and tried to run away. But Mr. Fox was faster and caught them. He put them in his basket and took them to his house. He cooked them with his beans and ate them for lunch. The moral of the story is Do not take what is not yours. Listen to your friends who warn you. Or you may end up in a bad place.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily who loved to play outside. One day, she saw a pigeon sitting on a fence. Hello, little pigeon! Are you cold? she asked. The pigeon shivered and said, Yes, Im very cold. Its a chilly day. Lily felt sorry for the pigeon, so she went inside to get some bread. She gave the pigeon some delicious bread to eat, and the pigeon was very happy. Thank you, Lily! This bread is yummy! said the pigeon. Lily smiled and said, Youre welcome, little pigeon. Im glad you like it. From that day on, the pigeon and Lily became good friends and would often share delicious treats together.John woke up and opened his eyes. He looked around his bedroom. Johns bedroom had a big bed and a toy sack on the floor. He grabbed the sack and opened it. Inside he found lots of fun toys. He was excited! John was about to play when he heard someone knocking at the door. It was his grandmother. John was so excited. Welcome grandmother! he said. Grandmother walked in with a big smile. She had a big sack in her hands. I brought you a surprise, said Grandmother. John opened the sack and saw lots of candy inside. He was so happy! John said thank you to his grandmother and ate the candy. After he ate them, he felt a little bit ashamed. He had eaten all the candy without sharing. Grandmother smiled. She said, Its okay to feel ashamed. But then you can say sorry, and be more generous next time. John hugged his grandmother and said, Im sorry and Ill share next time! Grandmother nodded with a smile.Anna and Ben were best friends. They liked to play in the park, read books, and share toys. One day, they decided to play pretend. They put on their parents clothes and hats and pretended to be grownups. Lets get married! Ben said. He gave Anna a ring made of paper. You are my wife now. Okay! Anna said. She smiled and put the ring on her finger. You are my husband now. What do we do next? We have a party! Ben said. He ran to the kitchen and brought back a big cake. It was purple and had white frosting and sprinkles. This is our dessert. We can eat it after we dance. Anna and Ben danced around the living room, holding hands and laughing. They were very happy. They cut the cake and ate a big slice each. It was yummy and sweet. But then, they heard a loud noise. It was their parents, coming home from work. They saw the mess in the living room and the cake on the table. Anna! Ben! What have you done? they asked. They were angry and surprised. Anna and Ben looked at each other. They knew they were in trouble. They quickly took off their parents clothes and hats and hid the paper ring. We were just playing pretend, they said. Were sorry. Their parents sighed and shook their heads. They were not happy, but they loved their children. They hugged them and said they had to clean up the mess and share the cake with them. Anna and Ben said they were sorry again and helped to clean up. They still liked to play pretend, but they never tried to get married again. They learned that being grownups was not as easy as it seemed.Once, there was a little boy named Jack. He loved to play outside, but today he was stuck inside, and he was sad. But then his eyes lit up he found his escape! In the corner of the room lay a big red bag. Jack opened it and it was full of surprises, like a rope and a mask. Jack smiled and ran to the door. He said, See ya later! His mom called back, Be safe, ok? Jack said, Ok! Jack ran outside and started to tie the rope to the big tree in the garden. He slipped the mask over his face and said, Lets go! With a swing and a jump, he was free! Up in the branches Jack laughed and smiled, he was safe. He felt like he was soaring away in the wind. Down below, his mom smiled she knew Jack was safe.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy was a regular boy who loved to play with his toys. One day, Timmys mommy asked him to help with the dishwasher. Timmy didnt want to help because he wanted to play. But then, Timmy heard a strange noise coming from the dishwasher. It sounded like something was stuck inside. Timmys mommy didnt hear it, so Timmy decided to investigate. He opened the dishwasher and found a big spoon stuck in the blades. Timmys mommy was so happy that he found the problem. She thanked him and gave him a big hug. Timmy felt proud of himself for being a good helper. From that day on, he always listened carefully for any strange noises coming from the dishwasher.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to fish with his dad. One day, they went to the lake to catch some fish. Timmys dad gave him a hook and said, Be careful, its sharp. Timmy was excited to catch a big fish, but he wasnt being careful. He accidentally hooked his dads shirt instead of a fish. Timmys dad was upset and said, Timmy, you need to be more careful. You could hurt someone. Timmy felt bad and wanted to make it up to his dad. He decided to reveal a secret he had been keeping. He had found a shiny rock by the lake and had been keeping it in his pocket. He gave the rock to his dad and said, Im sorry, Dad. I found this and wanted to give it to you. Timmys dad was happy and forgave him. They continued to fish and Timmy was careful with his hook. He learned that its important to be careful and honest. The end.Once upon a time, there was a big, clean engine. Everyday, the engine offered to help the people living nearby. It helped do work in the garden and it even made the roads nice and smooth. The people were very happy. But then one day, the engine started to make weird noises. Everyone was worried. What could be wrong? The people had to find out. They asked the engine what was wrong, but it did not answer. So the people called for help. Soon, a friendly mechanic came to help. The mechanic looked at the engine and said, Ah, I see whats wrong! The mechanic fixed the engine and it started to work again. The engine was nice and clean. The people were so relieved and they thanked the mechanic. The mechanic smiled and said, You are welcome, I am happy to offer help to the people living in this town.One day, a little girl named Lucy was walking with her mom. Lucy noticed a big billboard. It had a lot of fun words on it. She asked her mom to read the words, but her mom said no, its too hard. But then, a bossy voice boomed from the other side of the billboard. It was an old man wearing a hat. He said to Lucy, Do you want me to read it to you? I know all the words. Lucy gulped and nodded. The old man read all the words on the billboard. Lucy was so happy that she thanked the old man for helping her. The old man smiled and said to Lucy, No problem. Just remember that its good to learn new words every day. Lucy smiled back and gave the old man a hug. She couldnt wait to tell her mom what she had just learned.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She wanted to prepare a special dinner for her family. She went to the kitchen and saw that there was no food. She was worried and fearful that she could not make dinner. Lily asked her mom for help. Her mom said they needed to go to the store to buy food. They went to the store and bought everything they needed. Lily was happy and started to prepare the dinner. She set the table with plates and cups. But then, Lilys little brother came and knocked over the table. All the food fell on the floor. Lily was sad and didnt know what to do. Her mom came and helped her clean up the mess. They made dinner again and this time, Lilys family loved it. They all had a great time together.Mike and his mom were at the grocery store. Mike wanted a toy he saw on display. His mom said no. She told him that he had to wait for his birthday. Mike was very disappointed and angry. He went outside and saw a yellow taxi. He loved the bright color. He asked his mom if they could get a ride in the taxi. His mom said no. She said that getting a taxi was too expensive. Mike was very sad. He wanted a comfortable ride in the bright yellow taxi. He stood there looking at it while his mom finished her shopping. Once she was done, she hugged Mike and said that they were able to take a taxi home. Mike was delighted! He jumped and cheered as they got into the taxi. He felt very comfortable and special. He knew that his mom always looked out for him and he was grateful. The taxi driver was very friendly. He smiled at Mike and asked him how old he was. Mike proudly told him he was three! Mike smiled all the way home.Once upon a time, there was a little bunny called Dan. He was a very sweet bunny, but he was easily distracted. One day, Dan was walking through the woods, when he spotted a soft print on the ground. It was a rabbit print! He quickly followed the prints, determined to catch up with the rabbit. As he followed the prints, Dan heard a voice. It was the rabbit! I surrender! the rabbit yelled. Dan stopped in his tracks, and then peeked around the tree. The rabbit was caught in a trap! Dan was very worried, and he wanted to help the rabbit. He thought of a clever plan he quickly hopped around, and then moved some sticks until the trap stopped working. The rabbit was able to break out of the trap and hop away to safety. Dan felt proud of his bravery and kindness, and he learned a valuable lesson â that day he learnt that sometimes, surrendering and asking for help is an admirable act of courage.Lily and Tom are friends. They live in a big city with many cars and people. They like to play in the park with their toys. One day, they find a small dog in the park. It has no name and no home. Lily and Tom want to keep the dog. They think of a name for it. I want to name it Spot, because it has a black spot on its ear, Lily says. No, I want to name it Rex, because it is strong and brave, Tom says. They argue and shout. They are both stubborn. They do not want to share the dog or the name. The dog does not like the noise. It runs away from Lily and Tom. It finds another child in the park. The child is kind and gentle. He gives the dog some food and water. He pets the dog and says, Hello, little dog. What is your name? The dog wags its tail and licks the childs face. It likes the child. It likes the name he gives it. The child calls the dog Lucky.Tom and Lily were playing in the garden. They liked to pretend they were lions and roar at each other. They also liked to chase the birds and the butterflies. But their dad did not like their game. He was trying to water the plants with the hose. He told them to be quiet and obedient. He said they were scaring the flowers and making a mess. Tom and Lily did not listen. They thought their dad was boring. They wanted to have fun. They decided to sneak up on him and roar as loud as they could. They crept behind the bushes and waited for the right moment. When their dad was not looking, they jumped out and roared. Rrrrrrr! Their dad was very surprised. He dropped the hose and turned around. He saw Tom and Lily laughing and roaring. He was not happy. He picked up the hose and sprayed them with water. Shhhhh! Tom and Lily were very wet. They stopped laughing and roaring. They felt cold and sorry. They ran to their dad and hugged him. They said they were sorry and they loved him. Their dad smiled and hugged them back. He said he loved them too and he was sorry he sprayed them. He said they could play lions, but they had to be careful and respectful. He said he would join them and pretend to be a lion too. Tom and Lily were happy. They liked their dad. They liked to play with him. They roared together and had fun. They were obedient lions.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. He loved to explore and had a special love for the outdoors. One day, he went out to explore the forest near his house. He walked carefully and slowly, taking in the different sights and sounds of the forest. Suddenly, he saw a spear glinting in the sun. It was stuck in the ground, and he was so excited to see it! Jack walked closer and closer to the spear until he could touch it. He grabbed it, and just as he did, a strange creature stepped out from the trees. It was a tall creature, but he looked very quiet. It stared at Jack with big eyes. Jack was so scared he didnt know what to do. Then the creature blinked slowly, and Jack suddenly felt much calmer. He looked at the creature and said slowly, Do you want me to give you back the spear? The creature blinked again and nodded, so Jack carefully walked closer and handed the spear to the creature. The creature smiled and said, Thank you. You are very nice. Then it turned and slowly disappeared back into the trees. Jack smiled. He was so glad he had met the strange creature and had been able to help it. From that day on, he visited the forest often, just to see if he could meet the creature again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. Lily loved to draw circles with her crayons. She drew circles on her paper, on the wall, and on the floor. She loved circles so much! One day, Lily went for a walk in the forest. She saw a big, scary bear! She was so scared, she didnt know what to do. But then she remembered her mommy always told her to care for herself. So, she ran away from the scary bear as fast as she could. Lily ran and ran until she was safe. She sat down and drew a circle on the ground with her finger. She felt happy and safe again. From that day on, Lily always remembered to care for herself and stay away from scary things. And she continued to draw circles wherever she went.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She went on a trip to see her grandma. She rode in a car with her mommy and daddy for a long time. Finally, they arrive at grandmas house. Grandma was cooking on the stove when they got there. The stove was hot and made yummy smells. Lily was excited to eat the food. She loved grandmas cooking. After dinner, they went for a walk in the woods. They saw lots of trees and animals. Lily saw a wild bunny hopping around. She thought it was cute. They had a fun time outside. Then, it was time to go back to grandmas house and go to bed. Lily was tired but happy.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lily. Lily loved to play outside with her friends. One day, Lily found a bracelet on the ground. It was shiny and pretty, so she put it on her wrist. But oh no! The bracelet was smelly! Lily didnt like the smell, so she decided to throw it away. As she was walking to the trash can, Lily saw her friend Max playing catch with a ball. Max threw the ball to Lily and she caught it. Lily thought it would be fun to throw the ball back to Max, but she accidentally threw the smelly bracelet instead! Max caught it and said, Ew, whats that smell? Lily felt embarrassed and sad. She didnt want her friends to think she was smelly too. So, she went back to the trash can and threw the bracelet away for good. From then on, Lily made sure to always check if something was smelly before she picked it up.Once there was a little girl who was feeling very miserable. She had no one to play with and nothing to do. So, the little girl decided to make a scarf. She took out some yarn and colored paper and got to work. She made the yarn into lots of loops and cut out some leaves and flowers from the paper. She put the leaves and flowers on the yarn and the yarn on the scarf. When she was done, the little girl tried on the scarf. It looked so pretty around her neck! Wearing the scarf made her much less miserable, she no longer felt alone. From then on, whenever the little girl felt down, she would make a new scarf. Being creative always made her feel better and wearing her creations made her so proud. She was never miserable again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to cook with her mom in the kitchen. One day, Lilys mom taught her how to make cookies. Lily was so happy that she could cook her own cookies now. After they finished baking, Lilys mom asked her if she wanted to go to the theater. Lily was so excited and said yes. They got dressed up and went to the theater. The theater was big and beautiful. During the play, Lily whispered to her mom, Mommy, the actors are so humble. Her mom smiled and said, Yes, they are very talented and kind. After the play, they went home and ate their cookies. Lily was so proud that she could cook her own cookies and go to the theater with her mom.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy had a regular routine. Every day, he would play with his toys, eat his breakfast, and go outside to play with his friends. One day, Timmys mom took him to the hospital for an operation. Timmy was scared, but his mom told him that it would help him feel better. The doctor asked Timmy to kneel down on the bed and count to ten. Timmy did as he was told, and soon he was asleep. When Timmy woke up, he felt much better. His mom was there to give him a big hug. Timmy was happy that he could go back to his regular routine and play with his friends again. He knew that he was brave for going through the operation.Once upon a time, there was a little dog named Buddy. Buddy was very happy because he had a big bowl of food that his owner filled every day. One day, Buddy saw a flea on his fur. He didnt like the flea, but he didnt know what to do. Buddy went to his owner and said, I have a flea on me. Can you help me? His owner said, Sure, Ill give you a bath and wash the flea away. Buddy was happy and wagged his tail. But when Buddy got in the bath, he saw the water fill up higher and higher. He was scared and tried to jump out, but he slipped and fell. Buddy was ashamed because he knew he should have been more careful. The water filled up so much that Buddy couldnt breathe and he drowned. Poor Buddy!Once there was a little girl who wanted to go on an adventure. She wanted to be rich and see the world. So she walked to the beach and saw a big board. She was excited and grabbed it. She looked around and saw that the beach was filled with people wearing very nice clothes. She knew they were rich, so she used her board to paddle out to the ocean. She paddled and paddled until she saw something floating in the water. It was a treasure chest! She opened it and saw lots of coins and jewels inside. She was so excited. She filled her pockets with the treasure and paddled back to the beach. When she got back, the people at the beach were amazed. They had never seen such a little girl with so much treasure. The little girl was now rich and ready to explore the world.Once upon a time, there was a big pink pig. The pig lived on a farm with many friends. One day, the pig found a pepper in the mud. The pepper was red and shiny. The pig wanted to share the pepper with his friends. But, he did not want to spoil it. So, he carried the pepper very carefully. He walked slowly to his friends, the cow and the sheep. The cow and the sheep saw the pepper and smiled. They all took turns to eat the pepper. It was yummy! They were happy that the pig did not spoil it. The pink pig, the cow, and the sheep played in the sun all day.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in her backyard. One day, she found a big pole lying on the ground. It was very heavy, but she wanted to pick it up. When she tried, she realized it was fragile and could break easily. She didnt want to break it, so she thought of a plan to move it without breaking it. Lily went inside her house and got a big blanket. She wrapped the pole in the blanket, and then she could move it without breaking it. She was very proud of herself for thinking of a good plan. She played with the pole for a while, using it as a pretend sword. But then she remembered it was fragile, so she put it back down gently and went to play with her toys instead.Yesterday, Baby and Mommy went on an adventure. They wanted to go high. Mommy said, âœListen.â Baby looked up and listened. They heard a bird singing. Baby laughed and smiled. Next, Baby and Mommy went to the park. Baby saw the swings and shouted, âœHigh! Up high!â Mommy said, âœListen.â Baby listened. He heard children playing and laughing. He was so happy. Finally, Baby and Mommy went home. In the evening, Mommy said, âœListen.â Baby listened. He heard the wind blowing. It was lovely and peaceful. At the end of the day, Baby and Mommy had an amazing adventure. They listened and heard beautiful things. It was a special day, like no other!Once upon a time, there was a little oyster who lived in the ocean. The oyster was very cute and had a shiny pearl inside its shell. One day, the oyster got hurt and had a big booboo. The oyster was sad and didnt know what to do. Then, a friendly fish swam by and saw the oysters booboo. The fish knew just what to do to heal the oysters hurt. The fish brought some special seaweed and wrapped it around the oysters booboo. After a few days, the oysters booboo was all better! The oyster was so happy and thanked the fish for helping heal its hurt. From then on, the oyster and the fish became good friends and swam together in the ocean.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to walk in the rain with her yellow raincoat and red boots. One day, Lily saw a big, wet cauliflower on the ground. She said, Mommy, what is that big, wet thing on the ground? Her mommy replied, Thats a cauliflower, Lily. Its a vegetable that we eat. Lily looked at the cauliflower and said, It looks yucky. Can we walk away from it? Her mommy laughed and said, Sure, lets go home and have some yummy mac and cheese for dinner instead. And so, Lily and her mommy walked home in the rain, leaving the wet cauliflower behind.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy who liked to go for walks with his mom. One day, they decided to go for a walk in the forest. Timmys mom warned him that the backpack was heavy, but Timmy wanted to carry it himself. As they walked, they saw a big, scary bear. Timmys mom told him to be quiet and they slowly backed away. When they were safe, Timmys mom asked him if he saw the bear. They discussed how they could avoid bears in the future. After their scary adventure, they continued their walk and found a beautiful stream. Timmys mom took out snacks from the heavy backpack and they enjoyed a picnic by the stream. Timmy was happy he carried the backpack and they both enjoyed the rest of their walk.Once upon a time, there was a little bear named Teddy. Teddy was very restless and could not fall asleep. He went outside to look for something to help him sleep. As he was walking, he saw a leaf on the ground. He picked it up and hugged it tightly. The leaf was soft and made him feel better. He went back to his bed and fell asleep with the leaf still in his arms. From that day on, Teddy hugged a leaf every night and slept peacefully.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved going to the mall with his mom. They would buy toys and eat yummy treats together. One day, Timmy saw a big, high slide in the malls play area. He wanted to go down it so badly, but his mom said he was too small. Timmy felt sad and angry. He wanted to solve the problem of being too small. He saw a big, heavy box nearby and got an idea. He climbed on top of the box and felt taller. He thought he could reach the slide now. But as he climbed up the slide, he lost his balance and fell down, hurting himself badly. Timmys mom rushed him to the hospital, where the doctors tried to help him. But it was too late. Timmy had hurt himself too badly and couldnt be saved. His mom was heartbroken and wished she had never taken him to the mall that day. From then on, she always made sure to keep a closer eye on Timmy and never let him out of her sight.Once upon a time, there was a white puppy. He loved to play. Every day, he would run around with joy and jump around with happiness. He often spent time with his family having fun and being loyal. When playtime was over, he would curl up peacefully and take a nap. Every morning, when he woke up, he would eagerly start playing again. He was always so excited about having fun! One day, he was playing when he heard a noise. It came from the bushes. He looked over and saw a tiny white rabbit! The puppy barked with joy and the rabbit jumped out of the bushes and ran towards him. They started to run around and play together. The two of them became loyal friends. Whenever they were together they played. They were so excited to share the day together. All summer, they ran and laughed and had lots of fun! It didnt seem to matter what they were actually playing. They were just happy to be together. All that mattered was the love and loyalty between the two a puppy and a white rabbit. They were best friends forever!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to eat avocados because they were green and yummy. One day, Lilys mom brought home a big, messy avocado for her to eat. Lilys face lit up with excitement when she saw the avocado. She grabbed it with her little hands and started to eat it. But soon she realized that it was too messy and she didnt know how to eat it properly. Lilys mom saw her struggling and said, Lily, let me show you how to eat the avocado. You have to act like a big girl and use a spoon to scoop it out. Lily listened carefully and soon she was eating the avocado like a pro. She felt proud of herself and happy that she learned something new. From that day on, Lily always ate her avocados with a spoon and never made a messy avocado again.Timmy loved to swing. He would always wait for his dad to take him to the park to swing. When they would go to the park, Timmys dad would push him on the swing and make him giggle. It was his favorite thing. One day Timmys dad picked up something special at the store. It was a big vase for their living room. It was a beautiful vase, with red and blue colors. It was available for a very good price. When they got home, Dad found the perfect spot for the vase in the corner of their living room. Timmy thought the vase was so cool and he wanted to show it to his friends the next day. That night since he was excited, Timmy couldnt sleep. He wished they had a swing inside their house. Then he had an idea. He got out of bed and started pushing the vase, like it was a swing. He swung back and forth, until he got tired and woke up his dad. His dad said it was time to go to sleep, but was still very amused by Timmys idea. From that day, Dad would always gently swing the vase for Timmy, and he would laugh and giggle. It was his new favorite thing.Sam and Lily were friends who liked to play outside. One day, it rained a lot and they saw many puddles on the ground. They put on their boots and ran to the biggest puddle they could find. Lets make a splash! Sam said, and jumped into the puddle with a loud noise. Lily laughed and followed him. They had fun making waves and splashing each other with water. But then, they saw a little bird on the edge of the puddle. It was wet and cold and looked sad. Lily felt sorry for the bird and wanted to help it. Sam, look at the bird. It needs our help. Can we be compassionate and share our towel with it? Lily asked. Sam looked at the bird and shook his head. He did not care about the bird. He only wanted to play in the puddle. No, Lily. The bird is not our friend. The towel is ours. Go away, bird! Sam said, and kicked some water at the bird. The bird was scared and hurt by the water. It tried to fly away, but it was too weak. It fell into the puddle and drowned. Lily saw what happened and cried. She was angry and sad at Sam. She ran to the bird and tried to save it, but it was too late. The bird was gone. Sam, you are mean and selfish! You killed the bird! I dont want to play with you anymore! Lily said, and ran away from Sam. Sam was left alone in the puddle. He felt bad and sorry for what he did. He wished he had been compassionate and kind to the bird. But it was too late. He had no friend and no bird. He had only a puddle.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Sue. She had a tooth that was very bright and beautiful. One day, Sue and her mum went to the store. Sue wanted to buy a lollipop, so her mum said, âœLetâs pay for it.â Sue shook her head and said, âœI donât want to pay for it.â She wanted the lollipop for free. Her mum told her, âœIf you donât pay for something it is stealing, and thatâs wrong.â But Sue was stubborn and she still wanted the lollipop without paying. Just when she was about to take it, a security guard came. He noticed Sue and said, âœHey, why donât you pay for the lollipop?â Sue tried to run away, but the guard caught her. He took her to the police station, along with her bright tooth. The moral of the story is that itâs important to always pay for things and avoid stealing. If you donât, you could get into a lot of trouble.Once upon a time, there was a furry cat. His name was Jerry. Every day, he enjoyed playing with his friends and asking them to borrow things. One day, a hurricane came to town. It was very windy. Jerry and his friends had to stay inside. They were all scared. Fortunately, the hurricane passed quickly. The next day, the friends looked outside and saw that everything was okay. To celebrate, Jerry asked his friends to borrow their toys so they could play together. Everyone said yes, and they all had a great time. When the day was over Jerry was so glad that everyone was safe. He was also glad that he was able to borrow his friendsâ toys so that they could all have fun together. The end.Once upon a time there was a girl called Sarah. She was three years old and loved to take photos. One day, Sarah said to her mom, I want to buy a camera! Her mom smiled and said, Thats great, Sarah. Lets go shopping. So off they went to the store. There were many different cameras, but Sarah knew exactly what she wanted. âœMommy, I want to buy the flexible camera,â she said. Her mom agreed that it was the perfect one. They bought it, and Sarah was so happy! She couldnt wait to take pictures. That night, Sarah and her mom went outside and looked at the stars. She took lots of pictures of the night sky with her new camera. Sarah smiled and said, I love my flexible camera!One day, a little boy named Tim went to play outside. He wanted to make a track for his toy cars. He took his small shovel and started to dig a track in the dirt. Tim was very happy with his new track. Suddenly, a big dog came running towards Tim. The dog barked loudly, and Tim felt frightened. He didnt know what to do. He stood very still and hoped the dog would go away. The dogs owner, a kind lady, saw Tim and came over. She said, Dont be frightened, Tim. This is my dog, Max. He likes to play too. Tim looked at Max and saw that he was wagging his tail. Tim felt better and asked the lady, Can Max help me make my track? The lady smiled and said, Of course! Max loves to dig in the dirt. So, Tim, Max, and the lady all worked together to make the best track ever.Once upon a time, there was a little bunny named Benny. Benny loved to play with his friends in the forest. One day, they found a big hook on the ground. Bennys friends wanted to play with it, but Benny was careful and said it looked dangerous. But Bennys friends didnt listen and started bouncing the hook around like a toy. Suddenly, the hook got caught on a tree branch and started pulling Bennys friends up into the air! They were scared and didnt know what to do. Luckily, Benny was careful and knew what to do. He ran to get help from the wise old owl who lived in the forest. The owl came and saved Bennys friends from the hook. From that day on, Bennys friends listened to him and were careful about playing with dangerous things. The moral of the story is to always be careful and listen to your friends.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She was three years old and loved to explore. Today she was playing in her garden when she saw a triangle. She picked it up and it was filthy. But she didnt care and hugged it. Suddenly, a voice said, Why are you hugging that triangle? Lily laughed and said, Because I like it! The voice belonged to her grandmother. She smiled and said, It looks like it needs a good wash first. Lets go to the bathroom and give it a rinse. So together, Lily and her grandmother washed the triangle in the sink until it was shiny and clean. Afterwards, Lily hugged her triangle tightly and thanked her grandmother. From that day forward, the triangle was Lilys favorite toy and she hugged it every day. The end.Once upon a time there was a fly who wanted to have a nap. So he found a nice spot near a well and he lay down. He closed his eyes and sighed contentedly. But then there came a strong wind and it blew and blew. The wind made the well shake and shiver. But still the fly lay there, getting rocked back and forth in the wind like a baby in a cradle. But soon the wind died down and the well was still again. The fly opened his eyes and realized he had had a very fine nap. He flapped his wings and buzzed away, feeling rested and happy.Once there was a bunny who loved to hop. Every day he hopped around the meadow, searching for interesting things to explore. One day, the bunny found something strange. He saw something white and flat. Suddenly the bunny realized it was a newspaper! It was all crumpled up, so the bunny hopped around the paper, trying to figure out what it said. But then he saw something even stranger the newspaper was fake! He realized it had nothing written on it, not a single word. The bunny was so puzzled that he hopped around the fake newspaper for hours, wondering what it was. Then he decided to hop away, as he had other important places to explore. And so the bunny hopped away into the meadow, never to find out what the fake newspaper was all about.Once upon a time, there was a kind and generous bee. The bee wanted to help the animals in the forest, so it flew around looking for something special to share with them. It spotted a big, round mushroom. The bee flew over to it and carefully burried it in the ground. Then the bee flew away. All of the animals in the forest were very happy, because they now had something special to eat. They ate the mushroom and it made them feel better. The bee was happy too, knowing that it had done something generous for the animals. The kind bee flew off into the sunset, proud of its work. The end.The train was impressive. It was big and shiny. Jenna looked out the window and gasped with delight. The scenery flew past as the train sped down the track. Jennas mom leaned over and asked, Do you want to know a secret? Jennas eyes lit up and she nodded. Mom continued, I can lift the train! Jennas jaw dropped. She said, Really? Mom smiled and said, âœYes, I can lift the train up with my hands!â Jenna thought it was so cool. âœCan you teach me how to do it?â she asked eagerly. Mom nodded and said, âœMaybe one day when you get bigger, Ill show you!â Jenna couldnt wait. She kept smiling as the train rolled on, admiring the impressive sight outside her window.Once there was a person who was walking down the street. Suddenly, they saw a disgusting thing on the ground. It was slimy, and dripping. The person looked around and then they shrugged. They knew that no matter how much they wanted to, they couldnt pick it up. So they kept on going, and soon they were in a park. There were lots of children playing and having a great time. But then they saw another disgusting thing! This one was a big mess and it was blocking the way. The person looked around and then they shrugged again. They didnt know what to do. Suddenly, one of the 3 year old children stepped forward. They looked brave and strong. With a smile on their face, they grabbed the disgusting mess and threw it in the trash. Everyone cheered and thanked the 3 year old. The person was so happy that the 3 year old helped. They smiled, and shook their head. No matter how much they wanted to, they werent brave enough to do what the 3 year old did.Mia and her dad went to the store. Mia was so excited. She was looking for a card. Suddenly, she saw a card she liked. It had a pretty picture of a cat on it. Mia asked her dad, Can I have it? Dad said, Yes. They took the card to the counter. Mias dad paid for it and the clerk gave them a bag. Then they walked out of the store. Mia couldnt wait to give the card to her friend. She opened the bag, but the card was broken. Mias dad looked at the card and said, It doesnt fit. Mia was sad. She didnt want her friend to get a broken card. Mias dad had an idea. Lets go back to the store, he said. So they went back and the clerk gave them a new card. It fit perfectly! Mia was so happy. She gave the card to her friend and they both smiled.Once upon a time, in a far away land, there lived a little boy called John. He lived in a castle and he was very curious and loved to explore. One day, he decided to explore a mysterious forest nearby. As he walked, he saw something sparkling on the ground. It was a bottle containing a special glue. He picked it up and opened it. When he did, something magical began to happen. The glue started to grow and grow. Soon it began to rise up off the ground, and it kept going, until it was as tall as a giant tree. John discovered that the glue could make anything he wanted, so he asked it to build him a treehouse. The glue began to build a treehouse right before his eyes. It rose higher and higher and before he knew it, he had a beautiful treehouse to play in. John was overjoyed and enjoyed playing in his mysterious treehouse every day. The end.Once upon a time, there was a computer. Its job was to protect the familys secrets. One day, the computer was very nervous. It was scared that someone would steal the secrets. So it decided to hide them. The computer started looking for a place to hide. First, it looked in the closet. But the closet was too small. Then it looked under the bed. But there were too many stuffed animals there. The computer kept searching until it found the perfect place. The computer hid the secrets in a toy box. It told the secrets to stay safe and to never leave the box. Then it ran to the kitchen and told the family. The family was very happy to know the secrets were safe. From then on, the computer made sure the secrets stayed safe. It even decorated the box with stickers so that everyone knew it was an important box. The computer was happy it was able to protect the familys secrets. It was proud that it did a good job.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to travel to new places with her family. One day, they went to a farm to pick some apples. Lily found a rare apple that was very pretty and shiny. She showed it to her dad and said, Look, Daddy! I found a rare apple! Her dad smiled and said, Wow, thats amazing! Lets pick it and take it home with us. On the way home, Lily asked her mom, Can we make a pie with the rare apple? Her mom replied, Of course, we can! It will be delicious. Lily was so happy and couldnt wait to get home and make the apple pie. When they got home, they made the pie together and it was the best pie they had ever tasted. Lily was so proud of herself for finding the rare apple and making the yummy pie with her family.Once upon a time, there was a little bird named Tweety. Tweety lived on a branch high up in a tree. One day, Tweety saw a flower start to bloom on a nearby branch. Look, look! Tweety chirped to his friend, a squirrel. Pretty flower! The squirrel scampered over to the branch and looked at the flower. Wow! said the squirrel. Thats a beautiful flower. Its so quiet up here. I can hear the wind blowing through the leaves. Tweety nodded his head in agreement. Yes, its very quiet. I like it up here on our branch. Its our special place. The squirrel smiled. Yes, it is. And now we have a pretty flower to enjoy too! The two friends sat on the branch and watched the flower bloom, enjoying the peacefulness of their special spot in the tree.Once upon a time, there was a cute little rabbit named Benny. Benny loved to play with his friends in the park. One day, they decided to go to the stadium to watch a big game. Benny was very excited because he had never been to the stadium before. When they got to the stadium, they saw lots of people cheering and clapping. Bennys friend asked him if he wanted to take a picture with the mascot. Benny said yes and they went to take a picture with the big, furry mascot. After the game, Benny and his friends went home, tired but happy. Benny couldnt stop talking about how much fun he had at the stadium. He couldnt wait to go back and take more pictures with the cute mascot.Mary and Tom played together. Mary had a bag with her. Inside was a marble. Tom wanted to have the marble, so Mary shared it with Tom. Tom rolled the marble around on the ground with his hand, and Mary watched. Mary enjoyed watching Tom play with the marble. They wanted to keep playing, but it started to rain. The rain was very bitter, so they left. Mary put the marble back in her bag, and they both ran away. They found a big, dry tree. They both sat under the tree and played. They made the marble move with their toes. They both smiled and laughed. They enjoyed playing together under the tree. Mary and Tom said goodbye and parted ways. Mary put the marble back into her bag and waved goodbye. She was happy to have a friend with whom she could play.Once in a living room, there was a toy in a corner. It consisted of many shapes and sizes and was covered in dust. Little Jimmy looked at it and asked his mom, âœWhat is it?â âœOh, that is the independent light. I would love to show it to you one day!â Little Jimmy was excited and he wanted to see the light. Every day, he would ask his mom when they would see it, but she would just smile and say, âœSoon.â One day, Jimmy and his mom started to clean the living room. His mom said, âœIt is time, come and help me clean.â When they were done, Little Jimmy saw the beautiful, independent light shine into the room. His mom showed him how to switch it on and off and Jimmy was amazed. He smiled to himself and looked around the living room. âœMuch better!â he said. Jimmy now had the opportunity to play and explore with the independent light.John and his mom went to the church. It was a big, tall building that made John feel small. In the church, he saw how honest the people were. They said nice things and helped each other. Johns mom ordered him to sit down in a special seat. He had to be very quiet and still. He stayed like that for a long time. After the church service was done, they left and went home. John was very happy and he said prayers to God every night because he liked the church and the honest people.Once upon a time, there was a pig named Oink. Oink lived in a big barn with all his pig friends. One day, Oink decided to go outside and play in the mud. He loved the feeling of the squishy mud on his feet. Suddenly, Oink heard a voice say, Ew, youre filthy! It was his friend, Cow. Oink was sad because he thought Cow didnt like him anymore. But then, Cow said, Im sorry, Oink. I didnt mean it. I just dont like getting dirty. Oink forgave Cow and they continued to play together. From that day on, Oink learned that its okay to be different and that true friends dont care if youre a little bit filthy.Nina and her dad were in the country. They were looking at a stable. It seemed old, like it had been there for a long time. Nina and her dad went inside the stable. It looked unusual. There were lots of animals in there, and they made lots of funny noises. Some of the animals seemed friendly, and some the animals seemed a bit scared. Ninas dad went to find the farmer to ask him some questions. Nina looked around and saw that the stable seemed safe. She decided to stay and look at the animals. She talked to them and even gave them some food. When her dad returned, he looked happy. He said the farmer seemed nice, and the animals were healthy and happy. The stable seemed stable, and Nina and her dad felt good about leaving the animals there.Once upon a time, a little boy named Tim found a hidden box in his yard. He opened the box and saw many tools inside. Tim was very happy and wanted to show his friend, Sam. Tim ran to Sams house and said, Look, I found a hidden box with tools! Sam looked at the tools and wanted to play with them. But Tim said, No, they are mine. You cant play with them. Sam was sad and went back to his house. Later, Tim felt bad and wanted to share his tools with Sam. He went to Sams house and said, Im sorry. Lets play with the tools together. Sam was happy, and they played with the tools all day long. They learned that sharing is fun and that its important to be a good friend.One sunny day, Karen went outside. She wanted to experience something different. On the way, she saw a creek spinning around. She was excited and wanted to explore it. Karen asked her mom excitedly, âœMom, can I go see the spinning creek?â Her mom replied, âœThats a great idea. Be careful and have fun!â Karen was so excited she ran towards the creek. She could feel the spinning water flowing on her toes. It felt different and special. Karen laughed and smiled big. She was so happy she stayed at the creek for hours!Once upon a time, there was a boy named Joe. Joe was very curious. He wanted to see what was beyond his little world. So he pushed his way through the door. When he stepped outside, he had a gentle view of the world. He saw trees and a big pond. He waited patiently and soon he saw a bird fly by. Joe was so excited and started to run. He was amazed with all the wonderful things he saw. He went back home and told his mommy all the wonderful things he saw. She was so happy that her boy was so curious. She hugged Joe and said, âœYou have a gentle view of the world and I am so proud of you.âOnce upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a photo of her grandma, who she loved very much. But the photo was dull and didnt look very nice. One day, Lily accidentally dropped the photo and it broke into many pieces. She started to cry because she was so sad. Her mommy saw her crying and came to give her a hug. She asked Lily what was wrong and Lily showed her the broken photo. Her mommy told her not to worry, and that they could fix it. They got some glue and put the pieces back together. When they were finished, the photo looked much better! Lily was so happy and stopped crying. She gave her mommy a big hug and said thank you. From that day on, Lily made sure to keep the photo safe so it wouldnt break again. The end.Once there was a farmer. He was growing many different things on his farm. But his favorite was a regular radish! Every day, the farmer would check on his radish plant. He would make sure the dirt was just right for it to grow. He watered it and gave it some sunshine. The radish started to grow bigger and bigger. The farmer smiled as he watched it getting bigger each day. Then one day, the radish was big enough to pick! The farmer carefully picked the regular radish from the plant. He was so proud of his hard work. He put it in his pocket and took it home to show his friends. The farmer now has a big radish garden in his backyard. Every year he grows regular radishes and smiles with a proud heart.Once there was a little puppy called Brownie who liked to play all day. One day, Brownie saw a nap in the garden, but when he tried to take it, he struggled. Brownie thought he was strong enough, but the nap wouldnt move. Brownie growled, âœWhy wont it move?â Just then, her big brother, Golden, came running over. He smiled and said, âœIts okay, little sis, Ill help you.â He grabbed the nap, and to Brownies surprise, it came right up. Brownie laughed, âœThat was easy! Whats so special about it?â Golden nodded, âœThis nap is harmless, and its not meant to be taken away. Thats why you struggled. The moral of the story is that if something looks harmless, we should still respect it and not take it away without permission.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to jump on her cushion and play with her toys. One day, Lilys mom spilled some water on the cushion and it became wet. Lily was sad because she couldnt jump on it anymore. Lilys mom told her not to worry and that they would fix the cushion. She took it outside and put it in the sun to dry. Lily was happy to see her cushion getting better. Later that day, Lily and her mom went to the park. They saw a little boy who had fallen and hurt his knee. Lilys mom was very compassionate and helped the boy. She gave him a bandaid and a hug. Lily saw how kind her mom was and felt proud. When they got back home, Lily saw that her cushion was dry and ready to jump on again. She was so happy and grateful for her moms help. She knew that her mom was always there to soak up her tears and make things better.Once upon a time, in a big garden, there was a little flower. The flower was very patient. It waited and waited for the sun to shine and the rain to fall. One day, the sun came out and the rain fell softly. The little flower started to grow. It grew taller and taller. The flower was so happy to grow. Soon, the flower was the tallest in the garden. All the other flowers looked up to it. The little flower was proud to be so tall. It knew that being patient helped it grow big and strong.Once upon a time there was a little girl called Sue. She was very hungry and always had an empty tummy. Today she was especially hungry so she decided to go to the park. She found a nice seat in the sunshine and sat down. When she was sat down, Sue started to see all the exciting things happening. There were birds chirping and butterflies flying in the sky. One of the butterflies flew so close to Sue that she could almost feel its wings. All of a sudden Sue saw something behind her. It was a big brown dog! The dog gave her a friendly wink and Sue was so excited that she smiled back. The dog was so warm and cuddly that Sue decided to give it a big hug. At first, the dog was a little bit scared but before long it was happy to sit with her. Sue felt so happy to have a new friend. She gave the dog one more hug before getting up and letting it go. She said goodbye and waved as she went on her way, her tummy full and ready for an exciting day!Once upon a time, there was a little bird. The bird lived on a hill. Every day, the bird would sing and whistle. One day, the bird found some berries. The berries were very sour. The bird didnt like the sour berries. So, the bird decided to whistle a sad song. But then, the bird remembered that there were other berries on the other side of the hill. The bird flew over the hill and found some sweet berries. The bird was very happy and whistled a happy song.Once upon a time there was a little girl called Ella. She loved exploring, and one day she decided to go to the market with her daddy. As they arrived, Ellas eyes widened in amazement at the colourful sights and smells. Ella spoke to her dad âœWhat can I do here?â Her dad replied with a smile. âœLetâs follow, and Iâll show you!â So they went exploring the market together, looking at all the new things the market had to offer. Ella liked the sweet treats and brightly coloured fruits, and the fun games they could play. Eventually, they reached the end and Ella smiled in delight. âœCan we come back here next week?â she asked her dad. âœYes, of course!â said her dad. âœLetâs come back and explore the new things that will have arrived.â So, every week, Ella and her dad reunited at the market to find new things. And that was the start of Ella and her dadâs fun adventures at the market.Sara is a young girl who likes to do crafts. She has many beads and strings in her box. She likes to make bracelets for her friends and family. She thinks bracelets are pretty and fun. One day, Sara wants to make a bracelet for her mom. She picks some red and blue beads and a yellow string. She puts the beads on the string and ties a knot. She is very happy with her bracelet. She runs to find her mom. Mom, mom, look what I did! Sara says, holding up her bracelet. I made this for you. Do you like it? Mom smiles and hugs Sara. She takes the bracelet and puts it on her wrist. I love it, Sara. It is very beautiful. Thank you so much. You are very good at doing crafts. Sara beams and hugs her mom back. She feels proud and happy. She likes to do nice things for her mom. She thinks her mom is the best.Once there was a man who wanted to build something special. He decided to build an ostrich! He made it out of pieces of wood and he was very proud. He used some tools to put it all together. The ostrich had large feet, long legs, a long neck and a big beak. It was so tall it was almost as tall as the man. The man was very happy and decided to take his large ostrich for a walk. Everywhere they went people stopped and stared. They were amazed to see such a big bird. Finally the man and the large ostrich went home. The man was glad he could share his special creation with the world.Once upon a time there was a brave kitty. He liked to jump and explore. One day, the kitty saw something special. It was some colorful yarn! The kitty said, Ooh! That looks fun! He wanted to add the yarn to his collection. But the yarn was in a dangerous place. He had to be careful. The kitty made sure to be careful. He debated if he should try to add the yarn to his collection. He decided he had to try. He slowly moved close to the yarn. The kitty eventually got to the yarn and added it to his collection. The brave kitty was so proud. He had added another special thing to his collection. He was happy. The end.Once upon a time, there was a bright pumpkin. It was bright orange, and it sat on a big green hill. But one day, the pumpkin was in trouble. A big group of crows had come, and they were trying to take it away. The pumpkin was scared! But then, a brave boy came and saved it. He was tall and strong, and he chased the crows away. The boy rescued the pumpkin! Back at the boys house, the pumpkin was very happy. It glowed so bright that it lit up the whole room. And the boy, he was so proud of his pumpkin. He hugged it and thanked it for being so brave. The bright pumpkin was safe, and it was happy. The boy promised to take care of it forever, and the pumpkin promised to always stay bright.Once upon a time there was a fair flea who wanted to find a place to fit. He looked left, he looked right, but he couldnt find a spot that was just right. He flew up high in the sky and he flew low and all around, but he just couldnt find a place to fit. He began to get very tired and he was about to give up when he saw a big dog, stretching and laying in the sun. The fair flea watched for a bit and, when the big dog stood up and started running around, a space was formed between his shoulders. The flea flew in quickly, putting himself in just the right spot! He fit perfectly and from that spot he could see everything. And so the fair flea found his place and he was very happy. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lucy. She had a long, soft, blue blanket that she loved very much. She would rub her blanket when she was happy, sad, or sleepy. One day, Lucys blanket was gone. She looked under her bed, in her toy box, and even in the kitchen. She could not find her blanket anywhere. She was sad and did not know where her blanket could be. It was a big mystery. Lucy asked her mom for help. Her mom looked in the laundry room and found the blanket. It was clean and warm from the dryer. Lucy was so happy to have her blanket back. She rubbed it on her cheek and felt cozy. The mystery was solved, and Lucy could sleep well again.Nan and her mommy went on a safari. Nan was very excited. Mommy told Nan that she could see many different animals, but she must be mild. Nan was excited to see all the animals, but she was a bit scared too. At the safari, Nan saw elephants and lions. She saw a zebra and some monkeys, too. Nan was so glad she came on the safari, but she was still a bit scared. Then, Mommy dared Nan to try something new. Nan was so brave that she dared to go a little closer to the animals. She saw how amazing they were up close. After that, Nan and Mommy went home. Nan was very proud of herself for daring to explore the safari. It was a mild but wonderful adventure for Nan.Once upon a time, there was a big bird. He liked to sit on the branches of the tree and enjoy the nice weather. One day, the bird noticed something interesting. Under the tree was something shiny. He flew down to take a closer look and saw that it was a pattern! It was very pretty and looked perfect. The bird became very excited and he tried to make the pattern bigger. He used his beak and wings to spread the pattern out. Once he was done, the pattern was perfect. The bird was very proud and he wanted to show it off. He found a comfortable spot and sat down. He sat still for a long time to admire the perfect pattern he created. He enjoyed it so much, he decided to stay there the whole day!Tom and Mia liked to play with their toy boat in the pond. They pretended they were pirates and sailed to different islands. One day, they found a big island with many trees and flowers. They wanted to explore it and look for treasure. They tied their boat to a branch and jumped off. They ran around the island, looking for shiny things and animals. They saw a bird with red and yellow feathers. It was in a cage, hanging from a tree. The bird looked sad and scared. Tom and Mia felt sorry for the bird. Who put you in the cage, bird? Tom asked. A bad man. He wanted to sell me. He left me here and said he would come back soon. Please help me! the bird said. Tom and Mia looked at each other. They did not like the bad man. They wanted to help the bird. They climbed the tree and reached the cage. They tried to open it, but it was locked. Where is the key, bird? Mia asked. I dont know. Maybe the bad man has it. Maybe he dropped it somewhere. Please hurry, he might come back soon! the bird said. Tom and Mia looked around the island, hoping to find the key. They searched under the rocks, in the flowers, and in the water. They were patient and careful, but they could not find the key. They felt sad and worried. Maybe we can break the cage, Tom, Mia said. Maybe, but we need something strong and sharp, Mia, Tom said. They looked for something they could use. They found a stick, a stone, and a shell. They tried to hit the cage with them, but they only made noise and scratches. The cage was too strong and hard. The bird started to cry. Please, please, please, let me out! I want to fly! I want to be free! Tom and Mia felt bad. They wanted to release the bird, but they did not know how. They hugged the bird and said, We are sorry, bird. We are trying our best. Dont give up. We will find a way. They heard a noise. They looked at the pond. They saw the bad man. He was coming back with his boat. He had a big bag with him. He looked angry and mean. Tom and Mia were scared. They did not want the bad man to see them. They did not want him to take the bird. They hid behind the tree and whispered, What do we do, Tom? I dont know, Mia. We have to think fast. We have to be brave. We have to save the bird.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Jenny. One winter day, Jenny wanted something to eat. She opened the fridge and saw some cheese. It looked so yummy. Jenny grabbed the icy cheese and put it in her mouth. Suddenly, Jenny started to tremble and her mouth felt cold. Her mum noticed her shaking and asked Jenny, What is wrong? Jenny replied, The cheese is too icy. Mum laughed and said, Let me help you. She put the cheese in the toaster oven and waited. When it was done, Mum gave it to Jenny. Jenny felt warm and happy. She ate the cheese and it tasted delicious. Jennys tummy was happy and her mum was happy too. This was a moment of joy and no more trembling.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved flowers and always helped her mom in the garden. One day, Lily saw a seed in the ground and asked her mom what it was. Thats a seed, my dear, said her mom. It will bloom into a beautiful flower soon. Lily was very excited and asked her mom if she could watch the flower bloom. Her mom said yes and they waited patiently. After a few days, a tiny green stem popped out of the ground. Look, Mommy! Its growing! exclaimed Lily. Days went by and the stem grew taller and taller until it finally bloomed into a pretty pink flower. Wow, its so beautiful! said Lily. Its like a circle of petals. Lilys mom showed her how the stem was flexible and could bend in the wind. Its like a rubber band, see? said her mom as she bent the stem back and forth. Lily was amazed and said, I want to be flexible like that flower!Once upon a time, there was a little girl who lived near a factory. Every day, she would go outside and watch all the workers inside the factory folding boxes. She thought folding boxes looked like a lot of fun, and she wanted to try it out. One day, the girl decided to go inside the factory and ask the workers if she could join in. They said yes! The worker gave the girl some instructions. He said âœYou need to be careful. This paper is very delicate and can tear easily.â He smiled and said âœLetâs start folding!â The girl quickly started to fold the boxes. But after a few minutes, she felt something strange in her mouth. It tasted bitter. She spat it out and saw that she had folded up a piece of paper with a bitter tasting substance inside! The other workers saw what happened, and they all started laughing. The girl was embarrassed but then one of the workers said âœItâs okay. Mistakes happen! Just start folding again.â The workers showed the girl how to fold better and soon she was folding boxes just like the workers! She was so proud and happy. From then on, the girl came to the factory every day to help the workers fold boxes. Even though there were some bittersweet moments, she never forgot how much she enjoyed folding boxes.Once upon a time there was a little bird. The bird was very clumsy. It kept bumping into things and often land on the ground. The bird wanted to fly but it did not know how. One day, the bird saw a man in the sky. The man said, Let me help you fly. But the bird was still scared. It did not know if it should trust the man. The man said, Dont worry. I will show you how to fly. You just need to spread your wings and learn from the pain. When you do, you will know how to fly. The bird was still scared. It asked, Will it hurt? The man said, Yes, it will hurt a little, but then you will know how to fly. The bird believed the man and spread its wings. When it felt the pain, the bird knew that it was flying. And from that day on, the bird was always flying high in the sky.Once upon a time, there was a lovely orange cherry. It was so big and juicy! A little girl named Jane wanted to go and pick the cherry so she lay down in the grass. She reached out with her tiny hand and picked the orange cherry. Jane smiled and took a big bite of the yummy cherry. Juice ran down her chin. Then she layed the cherry back down on the grass. Out of nowhere, a little bird came by and saw the cherry. He was so excited! He flew over and picked up the cherry in his little beak and flew away! Jane was sad that her cherry was no longer there, but she knew the little bird must have been really happy with his orange cherry.Once upon a time, there was a brave bee called Label. He lived in a beautiful garden with many other insects. One day, Label went flying around the garden and zoomed over the flowers. He was having so much fun! Label came upon a big green bush and he decided to buzz around it. As he zoomed closer and closer, he got stuck in the bush! Label felt very scared, but he was brave. He wiggled and he shook and he eventually freed himself from the bush. He flew away from the bush and back to the other bees. Label was so happy to be free! He went back to zooming around the garden and had lots more fun. That was the brave and adventurous story of Label the bee!Today, Lilly was playing in the park with a furry friend. She saw a group of children playing tag and was eager to join them. Please let me play, Lilly shouted over to the group. One of the children replied, You can join us if you can gain us. Lilly looked puzzled and asked, Gain you? What do you mean? The children laughed and explained. If you can catch us, then you can join us. Lets see if you can gain us! Lilly agreed and the game began. She quickly ran to catch the children. After a few attempts, Lilly finally managed to gain them! She became part of the game and had lots of fun. The furry friend watched from the side happily, delighted to see Lillys success.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play in the fields near her house. One day, her mom said, Lily, dont forget to pick up some corn for dinner tonight. Lily ran off to play, but her mom had to remind her again to get the corn. Oh yeah, I almost forgot! said Lily. As she was picking the corn, she saw a scarecrow in the field. Hey, Mr. Scarecrow, do you want to come play with me? she asked. The scarecrow didnt say anything, but Lily could tell he was a quiet friend. They played together until it was time to go home for dinner. Lily was happy to have a new friend and some fresh corn to eat.Jacob was feeling excited. He was getting a haircut! Every month his dad took him to the salon. He got to pick the colour of his hair and today he wanted it to be bright. When they arrived, the hairdresser welcomed him with a big smile. She wet his hair, cut it and then asked him what colour he wanted. Jacob said bright! The hairdresser then mixed up some bright colours and painted them into Jacobs hair. It looked so beautiful. Jacob wanted to keep his bright hair forever so he asked his dad if he could go for a haircut every week. His dad laughed and said that he couldnt repeat a haircut every week. But he promised to take Jacob for a cut once a month so he can keep his hair bright and beautiful. Jacob smiled and gave his dad a hug. He couldnt wait for his next haircut.Once upon a time, there was a little rabbit named Benny. Benny loved to hop around and play with his friends in the forest. One day, Bennys friend, a squirrel named Sammy, came to him and said, Benny, I got my license to climb trees! Lets celebrate! Benny was so happy for Sammy and said, Yay! Lets have a party! They invited all their friends and had a picnic under a big tree. They ate carrots and nuts and danced to music. After the party, Benny and Sammy went for a walk in the forest. Benny noticed that Sammy was very persistent in climbing trees. He tried and tried until he finally made it to the top. Benny said, Wow, Sammy! Youre so good at climbing! Im proud of you. Sammy smiled and said, Thanks, Benny! I worked hard to get my license and Im happy I can climb trees now. Benny replied, Im happy too! Lets celebrate your success again soon!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys and go to the park with her aunt. Her aunt was very nice and always made sure Lily was careful when she played. One sunny day, Lily and her aunt went to the park. They saw a big tree and decided to sit under it. Lily was thirsty, so her aunt gave her a cup to drink some water. Lily was very careful not to spill the water while she drank it. After they finished drinking, Lily and her aunt played on the swings and the slide. They had so much fun together! When it was time to go home, they held hands and walked back to their house. Lily couldnt wait for the next time she could play at the park with her aunt.Tom and Mia were playing with their toys in the living room. Tom had a shiny red car and Mia had a soft yellow doll. They were having fun, until Tom saw Mias doll and wanted it. Give me your doll! Tom said. It is nicer than my car. No! Mia said. It is mine. You have your car. Tom did not listen. He grabbed Mias doll and ran away. Mia was sad and angry. She followed Tom and tried to get her doll back. Stop! Mia said. That is not fair. You are mean. Tom did not stop. He ran to the kitchen and hid behind the table. He held the doll tightly and smiled. He thought he was clever. But he did not see the butter on the table. It was soft and slippery. When he leaned on the table, his hand touched the butter and slid off. He lost his balance and fell to the floor. The doll flew out of his hand and landed on Mias lap. She caught it and hugged it. Ha! Mia said. You are silly. You dropped the doll and got butter on your hand. Tom was not happy. He was hurt and dirty. He looked at his hand and saw the butter. It was dull and sticky. He did not like it. He wanted to wash it off. Help! Tom said. I have butter on my hand. It is yucky. Mia looked at Tom and felt sorry for him. She was not mean. She decided to help him. Come on, Mia said. Lets go to the sink and wash your hand. Then we can play again. But you have to be nice and share. Tom nodded. He was sorry for taking Mias doll. He learned his lesson. He followed Mia to the sink and washed his hand. Then they went back to the living room and played with their toys. They both had fun and remained friends.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play outside with his friends. One day, Timmys mom told him to put on his pants so he could go play outside. Timmy was glad because he loved playing outside. Timmy went outside and played with his friends. They played catch with a ball. Timmy threw the ball to his friend, but his friend missed and the ball went rolling down the street. Timmy ran after the ball and caught it. He was glad he caught the ball. As Timmy was walking back to his friends, he noticed a dog running towards him. The dog was trying to catch Timmys pants with his teeth. Timmy was scared, but he knew he had to be brave. He said, No, dog! Dont catch my pants! The dog stopped and wagged his tail. Timmy was glad the dog didnt catch his pants. From that day on, Timmy made sure to always keep an eye on his pants when he played outside. And he was glad to have such good friends and a brave heart. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Amy. Amy had a big mirror in her room. She liked to look at herself in the mirror every day. But Amy did not know the value of the mirror. She was ignorant. One day, Amys friend, Tom, came to play with her. Tom saw the big mirror and said, Wow, Amy! You have a big mirror. It is very nice. Do you know its value? Amy shook her head and said, No, I dont know. What is value? Tom smiled and said, Value means how important something is. This mirror is special. It helps you see yourself and make sure you look good. So, it has value. Amy thought for a moment and then said, Oh, I see! So, the mirror is important because it helps me. Thank you, Tom, for teaching me about value. From that day on, Amy was not ignorant about the value of her mirror. She took care of it and always made sure it was clean and shiny.Jen and Ben were twins who liked to play together. But sometimes they also liked to fight. One day, they found a big ball in the park. They both wanted to play with it, but they did not want to share. Give me the ball! Jen said. No, its mine! Ben said. They pulled and pushed and shouted. Then Jen got angry and slapped Ben on the arm. Ben felt a mild pain and started to cry. Ow, that hurt! Ben said. You are mean! Jen felt sorry and gave Ben the ball. She hugged him and said, Im sorry, Ben. I love you. They smiled and played with the ball together. They did not fight anymore. But they did not see the big dog that was watching them. The dog liked balls too. He ran towards them and barked. He wanted to play with the ball, but he did not want to share. The twins got scared and ran away. They left the ball behind. The dog took the ball and ran away too. The twins learned a lesson. They learned to share and be kind. They also learned to watch out for dogs.Rosie was miserable. She wanted to sing but no one was listening. Everyone had closed the door and left her alone. Rosie took out the microphone and she smiled. She held it up close to her mouth and started to sing. She sang a high happy song. Rosie tried to reach even higher and higher notes. Suddenly, she heard clapping! Someone had opened the door and was clapping along to her song. Rosie was no longer miserable. She smiled, thanked her audience and put away the microphone. Now she knew, no matter what, she could always sing and share her music.Tim likes to write. He has a big book and a blue pen. He writes about things he sees and things he dreams. He writes about his family and his friends. He writes about his toys and his pets. One day, Tim goes to the sea with his mom and dad. He sees a big boat and many fish. He sees a big bird and a small crab. He sees a big whale and a small dolphin. He is very happy and excited. He wants to write about the sea. He asks his mom for his book and his pen. His mom gives them to him. He sits on the sand and starts to write. He writes I see a big whale. It is gray and wet. It has a big tail and a small eye. It makes a loud sound. It is slow and gentle. I like the whale. He shows his mom what he wrote. His mom smiles and hugs him. She says You are a good writer, Tim. You write very well. I am proud of you. Tim smiles and hugs his mom. He says Thank you, mom. I love you. I love to write.Once upon a time there lived a unique yacht. It was so special because it was filled with lots of fun toys. Every day it would leave the dock early in the morning and sail away in the sea. One day, a little girl who was three years old wanted to come and visit. The yacht was so excited and welcomed her with open arms. The girl was amazed by all the colourful toys, the bright sunshine and the wind in her hair. The little girl and the yacht had so much fun together. They played games and even jumped into the sea. After a few hours, it was time for the little girl to leave. The yacht was sad to say goodbye, but was excited to have made a new friend. The little girl left with a smile on her face. She had such a lovely time and promised to come back soon. Until then the unique yacht sailed out into the sea, happy at last.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved dinosaurs. He had a long green toy dinosaur that he carried everywhere. One day, Timmy went to the park to play with his dinosaur. At the park, Timmy met a little girl named Sarah. Sarah had a toy dinosaur too. Timmy and Sarah played together and had fun. Sarah said to Timmy, I like your long dinosaur. Timmy replied, Thank you, I like your dinosaur too. They played together for a long time, until it was time to go home. Timmy and Sarah said goodbye and promised to play together again soon. Timmy was happy to have made a new friend who loved dinosaurs just like him.Once upon a time there was a boy named Jack. One day Jack wanted to go for a run in the park, so he asked his mom for some shoes. His mom said yes and gave him a pair of red shoes with white laces. They had an attractive red bow on top. Jack was excited, so he quickly put on the shoes. But when he tried to tie them, he couldnt make a knot. He thought and thought, but he just couldnt figure out how to do it. So Jack made a request he asked his mom for help. His mom smiled and took the laces from him. She showed him how to make a knot, then she tied the laces nicely together. Jack thanked his mom and he ran off to enjoy his time in the park. He was so happy that his mom had helped him with his request.Tim and Lily are twins who like to play in the park. They like to swing, run, and slide on the big slide. One day, they see a small mouse near the slide. The mouse is dirty and has a long tail. Look, a mouse! Tim says. He wants to touch the mouse. No, Tim, dont touch it! Lily says. She is afraid of the mouse. It is dirty and it can bite you! But Tim does not listen to Lily. He runs to the mouse and tries to catch it. The mouse is scared and runs away. It runs up the slide and hides at the top. Tim follows the mouse and climbs the slide. He reaches the top and sees the mouse. He smiles and reaches his hand to grab it. But the mouse is clever and fast. It jumps over Tims hand and slides down the slide. Tim loses his balance and slides down too. He slides very fast and bumps into Lily, who is waiting at the bottom. Ouch! Tim and Lily say. They fall on the grass and rub their heads. The mouse runs away and finds a hole in the fence. It is safe and happy. Tim and Lily look at each other and start to laugh. They are not hurt, just dirty and silly. They hug each other and say, We are sorry, mouse. We wont bother you again. They go back to their mom, who is sitting on a bench. She sees them and says, What happened to you? You are so dirty! Tim and Lily tell her their story. She shakes her head and smiles. She says, You are very brave, but also very naughty. Next time, be careful and listen to your sister. Now, lets go home and have a bath. Tim and Lily nod and hold their moms hand. They walk home and say goodbye to the park and the mouse. They learned their lesson and had fun.John and his family had a very fun event. It was a creative event and they used lots of fun things. They used balloons, paint and paper. Everyone had so much fun. John used the paint to make a big picture. He was very creative and excited. He painted a big sun in the sky and little flowers. He used the paper to make a funny hat. He put it on and it made everyone laugh. They used the balloons to make a game. They played tag with the balloons. Everyone ran around the house trying to catch them. It was the funniest thing! John had so much fun. He loved his special event and thought it was very creative. It was definitely an event to remember!Once upon a time, there was a furry lion. The lion loved to spoil himself with treats. He would eat yummy snacks and take lots of naps. One day, the lion was feeling extra spoiled. He gave himself a bubble bath, put on his favorite green shirt, and ate lots of candy. He felt so happy. But just then, he heard a loud noise. The lion was frightened, and he ran away as quickly as he could. Soon, the lion found a cozy cave where he could hide. He curled up and hid until the noise stopped. When it was quiet again, the lion came out of his hiding place. He was relieved that he was safe and still feeling spoiled. The lion decided to go back home. He walked around looking for his treats and snacks, until he found them. He enjoyed his treats, and then curled up for a nap in his most comfy spot. The lion fell asleep, all sprawled out and totally spoiled! He slept peacefully until the next morning.Milly and Abe were playing in the park. They were running and jumping together, having a lot of fun. But then something happened. Abe tripped and fell and got a big mark on his leg. He was very upset and tears filled his eyes. Milly saw that Abe was crying and hugged him. She said, Its okay Abe. Its just a little mark and it will go away soon. Dont cry, I forgive you. Abe hugged Milly back and was no longer upset. He was happy that Milly had forgiven him and he knew that everything would be all right.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved going to the beach with his mommy and daddy. He loved playing in the sand and splashing in the water. One day, Timmy and his family went to the beach. Timmy was having so much fun playing in the water. Suddenly, a big wave came and knocked him down. Timmy was scared and started to cry. His daddy picked him up and said, Dont worry, Timmy. The tide is just very powerful today. Lets go build a sandcastle instead. Timmy smiled and stopped crying. He and his family spent the rest of the day building a big sandcastle and shouting with joy. The end.Sara and Ben were playing in the snow. They made a big snowman with a hat and a scarf. They gave him a carrot nose and two rocks for eyes. They were very happy. But then, Ben saw that Sara had two mittens and he had only one. He had lost his other mitten somewhere. He felt cold and sad. He said to Sara, You have two mittens and I have one. That is not fair. Give me your mitten. Sara did not want to give her mitten to Ben. She said, No, Ben. These are my mittens. You have to find your mitten. Maybe it is under the snow or behind a tree. Go and look for it. Ben did not want to look for his mitten. He wanted Saras mitten. He said, No, Sara. You are mean. You have to share with me. Give me your mitten or I will tell Mom. Sara did not like Bens words. She said, No, Ben. You are silly. You have to look for your mmean or you will be cold. I will not give you my mitten. You are deaf. You do not listen to me. Ben and Sara started to argue. They raised their voices and complained to each other. They did not notice that the snowman was watching them. He felt sorry for them. He wished they would stop fighting and be friends. He had an idea. He took off his hat and scarf and gave them to Ben and Sara. He said, Here, Ben and Sara. You can have my hat and scarf. They will keep you warm. And you can share my carrot nose and rocks. They will make you smile. Please do not complain. Please be nice. Ben and Sara were surprised. They looked at the snowman. They saw his hat and scarf and his carrot nose and rocks. They felt ashamed. They said, Thank you, snowman. You are very kind. We are sorry for complaining. We will share your hat and scarf and your carrot nose and rocks. We will be nice. Ben and Sara put on the hat and scarf and played with the carrot nose and rocks. They gave the snowman a hug and a smile. They were happy again. They learned a lesson. They learned to be grateful and to share. They learned to listen and to be friends.Sara and Ben were playing in the park. They saw a big ball on the grass. It was red and shiny. They wanted to play with it. Lets lift the ball and roll it, Sara said. OK, Ben said. They ran to the ball and tried to lift it. But it was too heavy. They could not move it. Maybe we need to push it, Ben said. They pushed the ball with their hands. But it did not roll. It was stuck on something. They looked under the ball. There was a spike. It was sharp and metal. It had pierced the ball and made a hole. Air was coming out of the hole. The ball was getting smaller and softer. Oh no! Sara said. We broke the ball! They heard a voice behind them. It was the owner of the ball. He was a big boy. He looked angry. Hey, what are you doing with my ball? he said. You ruined it! Sara and Ben were scared. They did not mean to break the ball. They were sorry. We are sorry, Sara said. We just wanted to play with it. We did not see the spike. The big boy did not listen. He grabbed the ball and threw it away. He glared at Sara and Ben. Go away, you little brats! he said. You are not welcome here! Sara and Ben ran away. They felt ashamed. They wished they had not touched the ball. They wished they had been more careful. They wished they had a ball of their own.One day, John saw a peanut. He was so excited! He wanted to eat it, but first he had to ask for permission. His mom said it was ok, but she said the peanut was very spicy. John didnt know what that meant, but he decided to try it. John grabbed the peanut and put it in his mouth. Right away, he knew it was spicy! His eyes started to tear up and his mouth began to burn. He coughed and sputtered, but eventually he finished the peanut. When John was done, he ran to his mom and told her how spicy it was. His mom smiled and said, Thats why you always have to ask permission before you eat anything! John nodded, excited to learn a new lesson. From then on, he always asked permission before trying something new.Once there was a little girl. Her name was Mandy. She was three years old. She had a big dream. She wanted to be a lamp. One day she told her mom about her dream. Her mom smiled and said it was a great idea. So that night, Mandy hoped and wished to be a lamp. Soon enough, her dream came true. Mandy could now shine and twinkle like a bright lamp. She bounced around and twirled among the stars. Mandy was so happy that she could make people smile while they looked at her bright light. She realized that hope can sometimes come true.One day, Jack jumped on his trampoline in the garden. He was so happy! He laughed as he jumped high and far. He shouted, Look how high I can reach! Suddenly, the trampoline got caught on a branch of a nearby tree. Even though Jack tried to pull it free, it wouldnt budge. He felt so guilty as he looked around for someone to help. Just then, his older brother popped outside and said, Ill help you with that. Jack felt much better. His brother wound back his arm and used all his might to pull the trampoline free. After a few pulls, the trampoline suddenly flew out and Jack flew with it! He sailed across the garden and came to a stop in front of a big pile of leaves. He rolled around in the leaves and felt so excited it was like a big pile of springs! Jack was so happy! He had reached his goal of jumping on the trampoline and playing in the leaves. What a great day!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to cook with her mommy in the kitchen. One day, they decided to make pancakes. Lily helped her mommy mix the batter and pour it on the pan. They watched as the pancakes cooked and flipped them over with a spatula. Suddenly, Lily saw a mysterious bottle on the counter. She asked her mommy what it was. Her mommy said it was syrup and showed her how to squeeze it onto the pancakes. Lily was so excited to try it. She squeezed the syrup all over her pancake and took a big bite. It was delicious! From that day on, Lily loved making pancakes with her mommy and squeezing syrup on top. She thought it was the best breakfast ever!Once upon a time there were two friends, Tom and Lucy. Tom had a guitar and Lucy loved music. They decided to gather together in the park and play. Tom said to Lucy, Lets make some music! He held his guitar and strummed some chords. Lucy smiled, Thats wonderful! Your guitar is so flexible and plays nice tunes. Tom smiled back and said, Lets make some more music with this guitar. So they gathered up some of their friends and taught them how to play the guitar. They played together in the park and had so much fun. Soon, songs filled the air and everyone danced and cheered. Tom and Lucy turned to each other and smiled in delight. They had gathered together and made beautiful music with their guitar!Mia was a 3 year old girl who loved to play outside. She loved discovering new things. One day while she was playing, she noticed something strange in the ground. She saw a small, soft worm. She was so surprised to find the worm and called out to her dad. Mia âœDaddy, look!â Her dad, John, looked and saw the little worm. John âœThats a worm, Mia.â Mia âœCan I keep him?â John saw how excited Mia was and couldnt say no. John âœOk, but you have to take good care of your new friend.â Mia carefully picked up the soft worm and held it in her hands. Mia âœThank you Daddy! Im going to call him Wormy.â John smiled and offered Mia some grass to put the worm in. She happily accepted and put the grass in a box. Mia was so excited to have a new friend. She couldnt wait to play with Wormy every day!Ben and Mia like to play in the park. They run and jump and slide and swing. They have fun with their friends and their toys. But sometimes they get hot and thirsty. Then they look for a place to rest and drink. One day, they find a big rock under a tree. The rock is cool and smooth. They sit on the rock and pause. They drink some water from their bottles. They feel better. They talk and laugh and watch the birds and bugs. But then they hear a loud noise. It is a big truck. The truck comes to the park. It has a big shovel and a big bucket. It digs up the dirt and the grass. It makes a big hole. Ben and Mia are scared. They wonder what the truck is doing. They see a man get out of the truck. He has a hat and a vest and a tool. He walks to the rock. He puts the tool on the rock. He pushes a button. The tool makes a loud noise. It breaks the rock. Ben and Mia are sad. They like the rock. They do not want the rock to break. They run to the man. They shout and wave. They ask him to stop. They tell him the rock is their friend. They tell him the rock is cool and smooth. They tell him they sit on the rock and pause. They tell him they drink water on the rock. They tell him they love the rock. The man hears them. He looks at them. He smiles. He stops the tool. He puts it down. He walks to them. He kneels. He talks to them. He tells them he is sorry. He tells them he did not know. He tells them he needs the rock. He tells them the rock is hot. He tells them the rock has fire inside. He tells them he uses the fire to make things. He tells them he makes things for people. He tells them he makes things for them. Ben and Mia listen. They are curious. They ask him questions. He answers them. He shows them the truck. He shows them the shovel and the bucket. He shows them the hole. He shows them the rock. He shows them the fire. He shows them the things. He tells them stories. He makes them laugh. Ben and Mia are happy. They learn new things. They make a new friend. They understand why he needs the rock. They say goodbye to the rock. They thank the rock for being cool and smooth. They thank the rock for letting them sit and pause. They thank the rock for giving them fire. They hug the rock. They hug the man. They run back to the park. They play some more. They have fun. They are hot and thirsty. They look for a new place to rest and drink. They find a new rock. They hope the truck does not come.One day, a little girl called Sarah had a rare bowl. Her mum wanted her to share it but Sarah refused. No, said Sarah, shaking her head. But why not? asked her mum. Its my bowl! protested Sarah. Her mum smiled. Thats true, but we can share it. Im sure your friends would like to have a turn with the rare bowl. But Sarah wasnt having it. She crossed her arms and tried to look stern. No! Its my bowl and Im not sharing it! My bowl is mine. Her mum chuckled. Okay Sarah, the bowl is yours. But remember to be kind to your friends and dont refuse to share too often. Sarah smiled, pleased that her mum understood. She hugged her mum and held the rare bowl close. From that day, she always kept the bowl to herself, but was happy to share it with her friends sometimes.Once there was a little girl. She liked to go for walks. She liked to feel the sun on her face. On this particular day, the little girl decided to go to the park. It was a very noisy place. There were birds chirping and people talking. The little girl saw a swingset. She was so excited that she started to run towards it. But when she got to the swingset, she realized that someone else was there. It was a little boy. He was stirring something in a pot. The little girl asked him what he was making. He smiled and said it was a special soup. He asked the little girl if she wanted to help him stir it. She took the wooden spoon and started to stir. Round and round the spoon went, until the soup was ready. When the soup was done, the little boy said that it was his thankyou present for the sun. Together they smiled and enjoyed the soup in the warm sun.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to wear his red jacket when he went outside to play. One day, Timmy saw a big dog and he got scared. But then, the dog signed to Timmy that he was friendly and just wanted to play. Timmy was happy and not scared anymore. Later that day, Timmy went to the park and saw a man doing impressive tricks with a yoyo. Timmy thought it was so cool and he clapped his hands. The man smiled and showed Timmy how to do some tricks too. Timmy was so happy and impressed with the mans skills. When it was time to go home, Timmys mom asked him how his day was. Timmy signed to his mom about the friendly dog and the impressive yoyo tricks. His mom was happy that he had such a fun day. Timmy put on his red jacket and went to bed, dreaming about all the fun he had that day.One day there was a fat pig and a little bunny. The bunny was very curious and asked the pig, What are you doing? The pig was very busy, busy mixing mud. The bunny asked, Why? The pig replied, Because muddy wallows are good for rolling around in! The bunny felt sad for a moment and said, Oh no, I cant do that. Im too small! The pig replied, Its okay, you dont have to roll around in the mud. You can pick flowers if you want! The bunny smiled and began to pick some pretty yellow flowers in addition to the mud the pig was mixing. However, the mud was becoming drier and drier and the pig wanted to roll around. The pig nudged the bunny and said, You need to move! I want to roll in my muddy wallow now. The bunny was not happy. He didnt think it was fair that the pig had all the mud and he had nothing. He said, Its not fair. You have all the mud and I have nothing. The pig thought for a moment and said, I have an idea. Why dont you help me mix the mud? That way we can both play in it! The bunny was excited and agreed. They both worked together to mix the mud until it was the perfect consistency for rolling around in.Tim and Mia were friends who liked to play in the park. One day, they saw a big, yellow and black animal in the bushes. It had spots and sharp teeth. Tim and Mia were curious and wanted to see it better. Look, Mia, its a leopard! Tim said. Maybe its lost and needs help. Or maybe its hungry and wants to eat us! Mia said. She was scared and wanted to run away. Dont be silly, Mia. Its just a cat. A big cat. Maybe we can pet it and make it happy. Tim said. He was brave and thoughtful. He walked slowly towards the animal. Tim, no, dont do that! Its dangerous! Mia said. She tried to stop him, but he didnt listen. The leopard saw Tim coming and growled. It was not happy. It was angry and hungry. It jumped out of the bushes and attacked Tim. Tim screamed and fell to the ground. The leopard bit him and dragged him away. Mia was shocked and sad. She cried and ran to get help. But it was too late. Tim was gone. The leopard had eaten him. Mia wished she had never seen the leopard. She wished Tim had listened to her. She wished they had stayed away from the bushes and played somewhere else. She wished they could relax and be friends again. But they couldnt. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Max. Max loved to ride his bike but one day, he noticed that the tire was flat. He didnt know what to do, so he asked his mom for help. Mommy, my tire is flat. Can you fix it? Max asked. Yes, Max. Lets add some air to the tire and it will be good as new, his mom replied. After adding air to the tire, Max hopped on his bike and rode to the ice cream shop. He ordered a delicious chocolate ice cream cone and rode back home with a big smile on his face. Mommy, this ice cream is so delicious! Max exclaimed. Im glad you like it, Max. Now, lets go for a ride on your bike with the new tire, his mom said. Max and his mom rode around the neighborhood, enjoying the beautiful day and the feeling of the wind in their hair. Max was happy that his tire was fixed and he could ride his bike again.Once upon a time, there was a brave little boy named Tim. Tim loved to play outside with his toys. One day, he found a big jar in his yard. He was very curious and wanted to know what was inside. Tim tried to open the jar, but it was very hard. He pulled and pulled, but it would not open. Then, Tim had an idea. He decided to reverse the way he was trying to open it. He pushed instead of pulling, and the jar opened! Inside the jar, there were many colorful balls. Tim was so happy to find the balls. He played with them all day long. He knew that being brave and trying new things helped him open the jar. And from that day on, Tim was always brave when he faced new challenges.Billy and Michael were in the living room, playing with their toys. Billy had a playhouse, and Michael had a truck. Lets pretend theres an emergency, said Michael. Okay, replied Billy. The two boys put all the toys away, and Billy covered the playhouse with a blanket. Suddenly, the doorbell rang. Who could that be? asked Billy in surprise. The two boys opened the door and saw a fireman. We need to get out of the house. Theres a fire! the fireman said. The boys grabbed their toys and quickly followed the fireman outside. See, I told you we needed an emergency plan, said Michael, looking at Billy with a smile. Billy felt foolish. He thought they were just playing a game and didnt think a real emergency would come. But now he knew it was important to always be prepared.Once upon a time, in a small town, there lived a little boy named Tim. Tim was a nervous boy who was scared of many things. One day, Tims mom told him that there would be a race in the park. The winner would get a big, shiny medal. On the day of the race, Tim felt very nervous. He saw many kids running fast and he started to shiver. But his mom said, Dont be scared, Tim. Just do your best and have fun. So, Tim took a deep breath and got ready to run. The race started and all the kids ran as fast as they could. Tim tried his best but he was still very nervous. He kept shivering and couldnt run fast. In the end, Tim did not win the race or get the shiny medal. Tim was sad and his mom hugged him. She said, Its okay, Tim. You tried your best and thats what matters. Remember, its not always about winning. Its about trying and having fun. The moral of the story is that its not always about winning, but about trying your best and having fun.Once upon a time, there was a lab. In the lab, lived a small girl named Sophie. She was three years old. Sophie loved to explore the lab. Every day she would go from room to room, discovering something new. One day as she went from room to room, she came across a large room with a big box in the middle of it. What is in the box? Sophie asked. Just then, an old man appeared in the doorway. He smiled kindly at Sophie and spoke. That is a hard puzzle, he said. Will you try to solve it? Sophie nodded and climbed into the box. For hours she tried to solve the puzzle, but it was very hard. She was about to give up when suddenly, the puzzle unlocked. The old man smiled and said, Well done Sophie! I knew you could do it. Sophie smiled and stepped out of the box. She thanked the old man and went back to exploring the lab.Once upon a time, there was a little girl called Rose. Rose was playing happily in her garden until she heard a loud shout from upstairs. It made her feel very scared and helpless. She wanted to know what was happening, but she was too scared to check what was going on. Suddenly, Rose heard a loud crash upstairs and then one of the windows broke open. Out of the window jumped a big, mean man. He had a mean face and he was looking right at her. Rose felt very scared and helpless, so she began to cry. She tried to run away, but the man shouted at her to stay still. He grabbed her and put her in his bag. The bad man carried Rose upstairs and she never saw her garden ever again. She was never to be seen or heard from again.Anna likes to play hide and seek with her big brother Tom. Tom is very good at finding Anna, but Anna is also good at hiding. One day, they play hide and seek in the kitchen. Anna sees a big green avocado on the table. She has an idea. She picks up the avocado and runs to the cupboard. She opens the door and goes inside. She puts the avocado on her head and closes the door. She thinks Tom will not find her there. Tom counts to ten and then looks for Anna. He looks under the table, behind the sofa, in the closet, but he cannot find her. He wonders where she is. He goes to the kitchen and sees the avocado is gone. He thinks that is strange. He hears a giggle from the cupboard. He opens the door and sees Anna with the avocado on her head. He laughs and says, I found you, Anna! You are very funny. But why did you take the avocado? Anna takes the avocado off her head and says, I wanted to hide with it. It is green like me. And it is helpful. It makes me healthy and strong. Tom smiles and says, You are right, Anna. Avocado is very helpful. And you are very smart. But now it is my turn to hide. Can you find me? Anna nods and says, Yes, I can. You better hide well, Tom. I will count to ten. One, two, three...Once upon a time, there was a bald man. He woke up in the morning and looked up at the sky. The sky was as blue as could be and it made the man happy. He decided to go for a walk. He went to the park, and there was an empty pitch. He sat down and watched the birds rising in the sky. They were so pretty and graceful. He was mesmerized by their beauty. Suddenly, he felt something shift underneath him. What was it? The pitch was rising! He could not believe his eyes! He got up and saw that the pitch had risen to a more comfortable level. He was so happy and couldnt believe his luck. The bald man sat down and looked up at the sky once more. He was so astonished by his luck. He thanked God for this miracle and decided to never forget it. He would always remember the rising pitch and the birds soaring in the sky.Jim was sitting on the side of the street. He was feeling hurt and alone. Suddenly, a big truck rushed by, bringing a supply of goods. âœThat truck was going so fast!â Jim shouted. Then a friendly man came over and sat beside him. âœGoodness, it was!â he said. âœI donât like all this traffic. It scares me.â Jim smiled. âœMe too. I wish it would stopâ he said. The man thought for a moment. âœLetâs make a signal!â He said. âœThen the trucks can see us and slow down. That way they wonât hurt us.â So they waved their arms to stop the traffic. Soon the trucks began to slow down and the street became much safer. Jim smiled. He was no longer hurt and lonely. He had made a good friend.Once there was a mommy and daddy who wanted to go on a vacation. They talked about it and decided to go. But the mommy was very weak because she was sick. So the daddy said that he would go on the vacation alone. Before the vacation, mommy and daddy talked about it again. The mommy was feeling better but the daddy said that she should stay home and take care of herself. So the daddy went to the vacation all by himself. The daddy had lots of fun on his vacation. Every day he would talk to his friends on the phone and tell them all about it. When the daddy came home he was very happy and he told the mommy all about what had happened on his vacation. The mommy was very happy to hear about the vacation and she was glad the daddy had so much fun. They both agreed that when mommy was feeling better they would go on a vacation together.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys and dolls. One day, her dad took her to the park to play with her new gear. It was a lovely sunny day, and they had so much fun! At the park, Lily learned how to swing on the swings and slide down the slide. She also learned how to ride her new gear, a shiny red tricycle. It was so much fun to ride around the park! After playing for a while, Lily and her dad went to get some ice cream. Lily got a lovely pink ice cream cone, and she was so happy. She had a great day learning new things and playing with her daddy. The end.Tom and Lily liked to play chess with their dad. Chess was a game with black and white pieces that moved on a board with squares. Tom and Lily learned how to move the pieces from their dad, who was very good at chess. Sometimes they won, and sometimes they lost, but they always had fun. One day, they decided to play chess outside, in the garden. They brought the board and the pieces and set them on a table under a big tree. The sun was shining and the sky was blue. They saw many flowers in the garden, of different colors and shapes. They smelled sweet and pretty. Tom moved his king to a safe square. Lily moved her queen to attack Toms rook. Dad watched and smiled. He was proud of his children. He pointed to a flower near the table. It was orange and round, like a ball. Do you know what this flower is called? he asked. It is a marigold. It blooms in the summer, when it is warm and sunny. It is one of my favorite flowers. Tom and Lily looked at the flower. They liked it too. It was bright and cheerful. They wanted to touch it, but they remembered that dad said not to pick the flowers, because they were alive and needed water and soil. They said thank you to the flower for being so beautiful. Then they continued their chess game, happy and curious.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to watch movies with her mom and dad. One day, they went to the cinema to see a movie about a mighty superhero. During the movie, Lilys dad whispered to her, Do you like the movie, Lily? Lily shook her head and said, No, I hate it. Its too scary for me. Her mom heard her and said, Its okay, Lily. We can leave if you dont like it. Lily smiled and said, Yes, please. I want to go home now. From that day on, Lily learned that its okay to not like something and to speak up about it. She also learned that there are many other movies to watch that she might enjoy more.Once upon a time, there was a clever boy who wanted to find a special place. He thought and thought, Where should I pass to find this place? Suddenly, he had an idea. He ran outside and asked a bird, Please, can you tell me a place to pass? The bird replied, I know! Pass to the big hill with the big tree and look around. The boy ran to the hill and looked around. He saw a big tree and a small hole. He climbed the tree and peeked into the hole. This is the place! he said. Inside the hole was a small room filled with toys. The boy smiled and said, This must be the special place I was looking for! He played with the toys all day and had lots of fun. When he arrived home, he told his mom what he found. She smiled and said, Youre so clever! Im so proud of you. The End.Once there was a man. He was in a big, dark room and he was very scared. He looked around for something to help him, but there was nothing. He saw a small, hidden door. He was very excited. He opened it to find a beautiful garden! It was full of flowers and sunshine. He quickly started to clean the garden and make it look nice. But just as he finished, he heard a loud wake! The garden was full of scary monsters. They were very angry and started to chase him. He ran and ran, but they were too fast. He was very scared and tried to hide. But the monsters found him and ate him up. The end.Once there was a mommy and a baby. Mommy was in the kitchen, preparing dinner. The baby was playing on the floor. In the kitchen, there was a faucet, water coming out of it. Mommy smiled at the baby, and said I want to remind you never touch this faucet. Its not for you. The baby smiled and nodded. Mommy and the baby went outside and played. The sun was shining and the birds were singing. The baby looked up at the sky. Far away there were some distant clouds. Mommy said Thats a reminder to us have a nice day. And they both laughed. The baby was so happy, because he was with Mommy. He was reminded how much Mommy loves him and how happy he is to be with her.One day, Tommy and his mom were walking in the park. Tommy saw something hidden under the bushes. He asked his mom, What is that? His mom answered, It looks like an iron. Lets talk to the person who put it there. So they looked around and called out. Then a man with a hat came to them. The man said, I put my iron there because I could not find it. I was so happy to see it again! Tommy and his mom smiled. Then Tommy said, Can I see it? The man said, Sure, take it. Tommy was so excited. He and his mom talked about it all the way home. Tommy was happy to have found such a hidden treasure.Anna and Ben were at the park with their mom. They saw a vendor with a big cart of balloons. The vendor had many colors of balloons red, blue, yellow, green, pink, and purple. Anna and Ben wanted a balloon each. Mom, can we have a balloon? Anna asked. Sure, sweetie. You can choose one color each. What color do you want? Mom said. I want a pink one! Anna said. I want a blue one! Ben said. Mom gave the vendor some money and the vendor gave them a pink balloon and a blue balloon. Anna and Ben were very happy. They thanked the vendor and held their balloons tightly. They walked around the park, looking at the flowers, the birds, the swings, and the slides. They saw other kids playing with their balloons too. Some kids let their balloons go up in the sky. Anna and Ben did not want to do that. They liked their balloons too much. But then, a strong wind came and blew their balloons away. Anna and Ben were very sad. They cried and ran after their balloons. But they could not catch them. The balloons flew higher and higher until they disappeared. Mom, our balloons are gone! Anna sobbed. Im sorry, honey. The wind was too strong. Maybe we can get another balloon another day. Mom said. She hugged Anna and Ben and tried to comfort them. But they still felt very uncomfortable. They missed their balloons a lot. They wished they could hold them again.Anna likes to play with her toys. She has a doll, a car, a ball and a puzzle. She likes to make her doll talk and drive the car. She likes to throw the ball and catch it. She likes to do the puzzle and see the picture. One day, Annas mom says she has to go to a meeting. She says she will be back soon. She says Anna can play with her toys, but she has to be good. She says she will test Anna when she comes back. She says she will ask Anna what she did and what she learned. Anna says okay. She says she will be good and play with her toys. She says she will learn something new. She says she will pass the test. She hugs her mom and says bye. Anna plays with her toys. She makes her doll talk and drive the car. She throws the ball and catches it. She does the puzzle and sees the picture. She has fun. She also learns something new. She learns that the puzzle has four corners and eight sides. She learns that the ball is round and the car is not. She learns that the doll has hair and eyes and a mouth. Annas mom comes back. She says she is done with the meeting. She says she is happy to see Anna. She says she will test Anna now. She asks Anna what she did and what she learned. Anna tells her mom what she did and what she learned. She shows her mom the puzzle and the ball and the car and the doll. She tells her mom about the corners and the sides and the round and the not round and the hair and the eyes and the mouth. Annas mom smiles. She says Anna is very smart. She says Anna passed the test. She says Anna was very good. She hugs Anna and says she is proud of her. She says they can have a snack and read a book together. Anna smiles too. She says she is happy. She says she likes to play and learn. She says she loves her mom and her toys. She says she had a good day.Once upon a time, there was a cow who lived on the farm. The cow loved to use the farm and graze in the fields. One day the farmer gave the cow a special treat. He gave her some apples. The cow was so grateful and ate the apples with delight. The cow thanked the farmer for her treat. The farmer was happy to see the cow so grateful and gave her another treat, some carrots for lunch. The cow munched on the carrots and enjoyed them so much. As the cow went back to the fields to graze, she was so very grateful for the farmers kindness. She was thankful for the delicious treats he had given her. The cow returned to the farm every day and the farmer always had something special for her. The cow and the farmer became very good friends. The end.Bob loves to go on adventures. He went for a walk along the beach, looking for fun and exciting things. All of a sudden, he saw a huge castle with lots of interesting things. Bob was so excited! He ran up to the castle to take a closer look. The castle was full of organized activities and games. Bob had so much fun playing and exploring! He found all kinds of treasures, like giant shells and colorful rocks. After a few hours, it was time to go home, but Bob was sad. He wished he could stay a little bit longer. But Bob knew he would come back one day and explore the castle again. He said goodbye and promised to return soon. Bob went home, already thinking of all the fun he would have the next time he came back!Anna and Ben are playing in their room. They have many toys, but they like the phone best. The phone is old and does not work, but they pretend to call their friends and family. Hello, is this Lily? Anna whispers into the phone. She holds it to her ear and smiles. Yes, this is Lily. How are you, Anna? Ben whispers back. He is hiding under the bed with the other end of the phone. I am good, Lily. I am playing with Ben. He is my brother. Do you want to play with us? Anna whispers. Sure, I want to play with you. What are you playing? Ben whispers. We are playing phone. We can talk to anyone we want. It is fun. Do you have a phone, Lily? Anna whispers. No, I dont have a phone. But I have a doll. She is clean and pretty. Do you have a doll, Anna? Ben whispers. Yes, I have a doll. She is clean and pretty too. Her name is Rose. Do you want to see her, Lily? Anna whispers. Yes, I want to see her. Can you show me, Anna? Ben whispers. Okay, Lily. Wait a minute. I will get her for you. Anna whispers. She puts down the phone and runs to her closet. She opens the door and looks for her doll. But she does not see her doll. She sees something else. Something big and furry and scary. It is a bear! The bear growls and shows its teeth. Anna screams and slams the door. Anna, what is wrong? What did you see? Ben whispers. He crawls out from under the bed and runs to Anna. He hugs her and tries to calm her down. Ben, there is a bear in the closet! A big, bad bear! It wants to eat us! Anna whispers. She is shaking and crying. A bear? In the closet? Are you sure, Anna? Ben whispers. He does not believe her. He thinks she is joking. Yes, I am sure, Ben. I saw it with my eyes. It is not a joke. It is real. We have to call for help! Anna whispers. She picks up the phone and dials a number. Hello, is this Mommy? Anna whispers into the phone. She hopes Mommy will hear her and come to save them. But Mommy does not hear her. Mommy is downstairs, cooking dinner. She does not know that Anna and Ben are playing with the phone. She does not know that there is a bear in the closet. She does not know that Anna and Ben are in trouble.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys and eat yummy snacks. One day, Lilys mom gave her an orange to eat. It was so juicy and sweet! Lilys friend, Timmy, came over to play. He asked, Whats that youre eating, Lily? Lily replied, Its an orange! Do you want to try some? Timmy took a bite and said, Wow, this is really good! As they played, Lily heard her mom talking on the cell phone. She asked, Mommy, who are you talking to? Her mom replied, Im talking to Grandma. She wants to hear how your day was. Later that day, Lilys mom sat her down and said, Lily, its important to share with others and be kind. Just like how you shared your orange with Timmy and I shared our news with Grandma on the cell phone. Always remember to be a good friend and listener. And Lily nodded, understanding the lesson her mom taught her.Tim and Mia like to play pretend. They have a stage in their room, where they act out stories. One day, they decide to play detectives. They wear hats and coats and have magnifying glasses. Lets solve a mystery, Tim says. We need a clue. Mia looks around and sees a sock on the floor. Look, a sock! she says. Maybe someone lost it. Good clue, Mia, Tim says. Lets follow it. They pick up the sock and walk around the room, pretending to look for more clues. They see a shoe, a ball, and a book. They put them on the stage. Who do these things belong to? Tim asks. Mia thinks hard. She remembers that their brother Ben was playing in their room earlier. She has an idea. Maybe Ben is the mystery person, she says. Lets ask him. They go to Bens room and knock on the door. Ben opens it and sees them holding his sock, shoe, ball, and book. Hey, those are mine! he says. What are you doing with them? We are detectives, Tim says. We solved the mystery. You left your things in our room. Ben looks surprised. He takes his things back and says, Sorry, I forgot to put them away. You are good detectives. Tim and Mia smile. They are happy they solved the mystery. They go back to their room and play some more. They are not weak. They are smart and brave. They like to solve mysteries.Once upon a time, there was a big boat. The boat had a big anchor to stop it from moving. One day, the boat went on a trip. The water was smooth and calm. The boat ran through the water, making big waves. The people on the boat were happy and shouted with joy. Suddenly, the anchor fell off the boat and went into the water. The boat couldnt stop and ran away. The people were scared, but they found another way to stop the boat. They threw a big rope and it caught onto a rock. The boat stopped and everyone was safe.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, her mommy gave her a delicate dress to wear to a party. The dress was so pretty and had lots of thread sewn onto it. Lily loved it so much that she couldnt wait to wear it. As she was getting ready for the party, Lily noticed that the zipper on the back of the dress was stuck. She tried to pull it up, but it wouldnt budge. Her mommy tried to help, but it still wouldnt zip. Lily was sad because she really wanted to wear her pretty dress. But then her mommy had an idea. She took some thread and sewed a little loop onto the zipper. Lily pulled on the loop and the zipper zipped right up! Lily was so happy and excited to wear her dress to the party. And everyone at the party thought she looked beautiful in her delicate dress.Tara and her mom were walking down the street one cold day. Tara was excited and asked her mom, âœCan I share?â Her mom smiled and said, âœOf course you can, what do you want to share?â Tara pointed to the mitten on the ground. She said, âœI want to share this mittenâ. Mom picked up the mitten, which was big and warm. She asked Tara, âœWhy do you want to share this mitten?â Tara took the mitten and said, âœIt looks so funny! I want to show it to my friends!â Mom smiled at Tara and said, âœYouâre so considerate. You always want to share with your friends.â Tara smiled and nodded. Then they walked down the street, flipping the mitten back and forth as they went. They had lots of fun!Once upon a time, there was a mommy and a little girl. The mommy loved to teach the little girl all sorts of things. She taught her to read, to write and to be kind. But the most important thing she taught her was about sugar. She showed her how sugar can be tasty but it is not good for your body. She said that sugar should only be eaten once in a while and never too much. When the little girl asked how sugar can be bad, the mommy showed her. She took the little girl to the kitchen and showed her the sugar. It was white and sparkly and looked so sweet. The mommy showed the little girl that if she ate too much it could make her feel bad. The mommy also taught the little girl how to keep her body clean. She said that it was very important to wash her hands and face often. She said that every day she should take a nice warm bath. The mommy showed her how to use the soap and wash her body. The little girl felt so clean and fresh afterwards. The little girl learned many things from her mommy. She learned to eat sugar in moderation and to keep her body clean. She was so thankful for the things her mommy taught her.Once upon a time there was a king who had a very special sword. The king had a joyful heart and wanted to share his cheerfulness with the people. But he was scared they wouldnt like him. So, he delayed showing them his sword. One day, the kind decided it was time to show everyone his sword. He was scared but he was also excited. He had made the right choice to wait. Once the people saw the sword they cheered! They said the sword was splendid and they felt happy the king wanted to share it with them. From that day on, the moral was clear although it can be hard to share something special with people, it is worth it in the end! Sharing joy and happiness can lead to very cheerful results.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a favorite rug in her room that was soft and cozy. One day, Lilys little brother spilled juice on her rug and it became sticky and dirty. Lily was upset and didnt know what to do. Her friend Timmy came over to play and saw the terrible rug. I dare you to jump on it! he said with a mischievous smile. Lily was hesitant at first, but then she thought it might be fun. She jumped on the rug and it made a squishy sound. Suddenly, their mom walked in and saw the mess. Oh no, what happened to the rug? she asked. Lily explained what had happened and her mom helped her clean it up. From then on, Lily made a rule that no drinks were allowed near her favorite rug.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to dance all day long, even when it rained. One day, she went to a dance competition with her friends. They were all very competitive and wanted to win the big trophy. During the competition, Lily felt nervous but she tried her best. She danced and twirled and jumped around. Suddenly, she saw a boy poking his friend. She thought it was not very nice, but she continued to dance. In the end, Lily and her friends did not win the trophy, but they still had fun dancing and being together. Lily learned that its not always about winning, but about having fun and being kind to others.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside and explore the world around her. One day, she met a humble old man who owned a small garden. Hello, little girl, said the old man. What brings you here? I like to see the world, replied Lily. What do you own? I own this garden, said the old man. Its not much, but its mine. Lily looked around the garden and saw all the beautiful flowers and vegetables. Its so pretty, she said. Can I help you take care of it? The old man smiled and said, That would be wonderful. Together, we can make the world a more beautiful place. And from that day on, Lily visited the old mans garden every day to help him take care of it. They became good friends and learned that even the smallest things can make a big difference in the world.Mummy and daddy took Anna to a big building. Anna had never been in such a big place before. Inside the building there were lots of people in rooms doing different things. Mummy said to Anna, Its time for your piano lesson. They went to one of the rooms, where Anna saw a piano! Anna was very excited, so she clapped her hands. Mummy said, Its time to study the piano. Anna was a bit confused, but then she sat down at the piano. Mummy said, Lets start with the scale. Do you remember how to play the scale? Anna tried very hard to remember, but she just couldnt do it. She was getting frustrated. Mummy said, Its OK if you dont remember. Just try your best, Anna. Anna tried again and she finally played the scale correctly. She was so happy! Mummy said, Well done, Anna! With a bit of practice, youll be an amazing piano player!Anna and Ben were playing in their room. They had many toys and books on their shelf. Anna liked to tie ribbons on her dolls and Ben liked to build towers with blocks. Look, Anna, I made a big tower! Ben said, showing his blocks to his sister. Wow, Ben, thats very good! Anna said, smiling. Can I show you my dolls? OK, Anna, but be careful with my tower. Dont knock it down! Ben said, moving his blocks to the side. Anna took her dolls from the shelf and brought them to Ben. She had tied different ribbons on their hair and dresses. She was very proud of her dolls. Look, Ben, these are my dolls. They have ribbons like me! Anna said, holding her dolls. They are very pretty, Anna. I like their ribbons. Can I touch them? Ben asked, reaching for a doll. Sure, Ben, but be gentle. Dont pull their ribbons! Anna said, handing him a doll. Ben took the doll and looked at it. He liked the ribbon on its hair. He wanted to see how it was tied. He pulled the ribbon a little bit. Ben, dont do that! You will untie the ribbon! Anna said, feeling anxious. No, I wont, Anna. I just want to see how it is tied. Its not hard. Ben said, pulling the ribbon more. Yes, you will, Ben. Stop it! Give me back my doll! Anna said, trying to grab the doll. No, Anna, let me see! I can tie it again! Ben said, holding the doll tight. They both pulled the doll and the ribbon. The ribbon came off and the dolls hair fell down. The doll looked sad. Anna and Ben looked at the doll and then at each other. They felt sorry. Im sorry, Anna. I didnt mean to untie the ribbon. I was just curious. Ben said, giving the doll back to Anna. Im sorry, Ben. I shouldnt have yelled at you. I was just worried. Anna said, taking the doll from Ben. They hugged each other and said they were sorry. They decided to share their toys and help each other. Anna showed Ben how to tie the ribbon and Ben showed Anna how to build a tower. They played happily together.Once upon a time, there was a little bird named Tweet. Tweet was very cheerful and loved to sing. One day, Tweet saw a flame in the forest. Tweet knew it was dangerous, so he flew to tell his friends. Tweet found his friends, Bunny and Squirrel, and told them about the flame. Bunny said, Lets go put out the flame! Squirrel said, No, lets fight the flame! Tweet knew they needed to work together, so they went to the flame. Bunny used her strong legs to stomp on the flame, and Squirrel used his bushy tail to smother it. Together, they put out the flame. The moral of the story is that when we work together, we can do great things. Even though Bunny and Squirrel wanted to fight the flame, they needed to work together to put it out. Tweet was happy that his friends helped him, and they all sang a cheerful song together.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his drum all day long. He would hit it with his hands and make loud sounds that made his mommy and daddy happy. One day, Timmy went to the park to play. He saw his friend Johnny and ran to say hello. Johnny had a ball and asked Timmy if he wanted to play catch. Timmy said yes, but he didnt want to leave his drum behind. Johnny said, Dont worry, Timmy. I am dependable. I will take care of your drum while we play catch. Timmy was happy and they played catch together. When they were done, Johnny gave Timmy back his drum and they went home happy.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a kitty named Mittens. Lily loved Mittens very much, but one day Mittens ran away. Lily looked for Mittens everywhere, but she couldnt find her. One day, Lily saw a smelly dog in her yard. She hated that dog because he scared her. The dog had a match in his mouth and he started to play with it. The match fell on the ground and a fire started. Lily was very scared and didnt know what to do. Suddenly, Mittens appeared and meowed loudly. Mittens jumped on the dog and made him go away. Lily was so happy to have Mittens back and she hugged her tightly. She knew now that she loved Mittens more than anything else in the world.Once upon a time, there was a little girl called Ruby. She loved to explore her garden. Everyday, she would prepare for her adventures. Ruby had a little backpack with snacks, and a book full of pictures. Today, Ruby was facing something special â it was very silent. She liked silence, and enjoyed exploring without noise. Around the corner of her garden, she spotted something lively. She was curious to learn what it was. Running over to the lively thing, she discovered a pond with jumping fish. She was amazed. Ruby peered into the water, but the lively fish were careful not to come near her. Then, she heard a voice. Why dont you try talking to them? it said. Ruby smiled. She had an idea. She kneeled down by the pond and whispered. Hello little fishes. I am Ruby. Do you want to be my friends? To her surprise, the fish starts swimming around her. She had made new friends. Ruby joyfully prepared to look after her new aquatic friends. She looked forward to many more silent days, lively with her fishy friends.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play outside and look at the clouds. He would point to them and say, Look, Mommy, a big white cloud! One day, Timmys mom bought him a regular chocolate bar. Timmy was so happy and he ate it all up. But then, Timmy didnt feel so good. His tummy hurt and he had to go to the doctor. The doctor said that Timmy ate too much chocolate and it spoiled his tummy. Timmy learned that he shouldnt eat too much candy. From that day on, Timmy only looked at the clouds and didnt eat too much candy.One day, a little girl called Jo was playing in the garden with her favourite toy, a horse called Flora. She was so proud of her horse. Jo put a saddle on Flora and went for a ride. Suddenly, they arrived at a stable. Jo got off and opened the gate, and she saw a beautiful horse inside. But the horse seemed sad. Jo went over to talk to it and gently patted it. The horse said, Im so sad, I dont feel fit enough to go for a ride with you, I just want to weep! Jo was sad to hear this, because she wanted the horse to join her on her ride. Suddenly, an idea came to her. She ran to the stable and found an old brush. She gave the horse a nice groom and said, Lets give it a try and see how you feel after this. The horse felt better after the brush and Jo was happy to see it so fit. They went for a ride and the horse was very happy, neighing and galloping to their joies. Jo and her new horse were the happiest they could be.Once upon a time, there was a big, long line at the grocery store. A little girl named Lily was waiting with her mommy. Lily was getting bored and asked her mommy when they could go home. Her mommy said they had to stay in line for a little while longer. Lily saw some candy on a shelf nearby and wanted to get it, but her mommy said no. Lily felt sad and wanted to leave the grocery store. But her mommy said they needed to stay and get food for dinner. Finally, after a long time, it was their turn to pay. Lily helped her mommy put the groceries in the cart and they walked out of the store. As they walked home, Lily felt happy that they got all the food they needed to make a yummy dinner.Lila and Ben are twins. They like to play with toys. They have a big box of toys in their room. But they always want the same toy. They fight a lot. One day, Mom comes home with a big bag. She says she has news for them. She has a surprise in the bag. Lila and Ben are excited. They run to Mom and hug her. Mom opens the bag and takes out two toys. They are twisty toys. They can twist them into different shapes and colors. They look fun. Mom says they are cheap toys. She got them from the store for a good price. Lila and Ben are happy. They each take a twisty toy. They say thank you to Mom. They go to their room to play with their new toys. They twist their toys into animals, flowers, cars, and stars. They show each other their creations. They laugh and smile. They do not fight. They share their toys. They have fun. Mom is glad. She watches them from the door. She thinks they are good twins. She loves them.Sam and Mia are friends. They like to play in the park. One day, they see a big truck. The truck has many boxes. The truck is moving to a new house. Look, Sam, a truck! Mia says. It is very big and loud. Yes, Mia, it is. Maybe someone is moving to a new house. Do you want to see? Sam says. They run to the truck. They see a man and a woman. The man is carrying a box. The woman is holding a cat. Hello, we are Sam and Mia. We live in the park. Who are you? Sam says. Hello, we are Ben and Anna. We are moving to this house. This is our cat, Fluffy. We are happy to meet you. Ben says. Can we be your friends? Can we play with Fluffy? Mia says. Of course, you can. Fluffy likes to play. But be careful, he has sharp claws. We are glad to have new friends. Do you want to help us move? Anna says. Yes, we do. We are strong. We can carry small boxes. We can also visit your house when you are done. Sam says. They help Ben and Anna move. They carry small boxes and toys. They also play with Fluffy. They have fun. They are happy. They make new friends.Jane was a threeyearold girl who loved to play. Shed been playing in the house all day, until she heard a whisper from outside. It was coming from a little nearby park. Jane wanted to explore, but she was very scared. She nervously walked over to the park and stepped inside. Suddenly, she saw a phone lying on the ground. She ran over to look at it. The phone was old and rusty. Jane looked all around, wondering what to do with the phone. Then she decided to take it with her, so she picked it up and put it in her pocket. When Jane came home, she showed her mum the phone and told her what she had taken. Her mum was not very happy. She told Jane that taking things that dont belong to her was wrong. Jane was so ashamed. Jane felt like she had made a mistake and she wanted to make it right. She asked her mum what she should do and her mum said she should call the person who had lost the phone. So Jane decided to call the number on the phone. When a voice answered, she told them she had the phone and asked them to come pick it up. The person was so happy to have their phone back. Jane was relieved that she had done the right thing. She was glad she had made the right decision.Once upon a time there was a girl named Mary. Mary loved to study. She had books and papers all around her room! One day Mary wanted to go outside. She opened the door and was surprised by what was outside. She saw a brilliant garden with many flowers and a playground! Mary had so much fun at the playground. She played on the swings and went down the slide. But soon, Mary remembered she still had to study. So she went back inside and studied until it was bedtime. Mary was so delighted when she realised all her studying had paid off. She had become so brilliant and smart!Tommy was very excited. He had a big goal to perform today. His mom had told him that if he completed it he would be very rich. Tommy wasnt sure what to do, but his mom said it wouldnt be too hard. She said she was sure he could do it. So, with a smile on his face, he set out to complete his goal. First, Tommy had to find a big rock. He looked all over the grass until he found one. He picked it up and ran back to his mom. She smiled and gave him a big thumbs up. She said he was doing great! Next, Tommy had to build a castle with the rock. He worked hard, pushing and pulling the rock until it was just the way he wanted it. His mom said he was very clever and he felt very proud. Finally, Tommy had to perform a dance. He wiggled his bottom, hopped up and down and shook his hands in the air. His mom and dad clapped and yelled âœWell done!â Tommy had performed his goal and he felt very happy. His mom said he was very rich now! He was so excited that he gave his mom a big hug. He was so proud of himself and he knew he could do anything.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a teddy bear named Teddy. One day, Lily and Teddy went for a walk in the park. They saw a bird trying to fly but it couldnt. Lily said, Birdie, why cant you fly? The bird replied, I need feathers to fly but I lost them all. Lily had an idea. She said, Lets go to the factory and make some feathers for the birdie. So, they went to the factory and made some feathers. The birdie was so happy and said, Thank you, Lily and Teddy. You saved my day! After that, they saw a bald man who was sad. Lily asked him, Why are you sad? The man replied, I lost my hair. Lily said, Dont worry. Lets go to the factory and make some hair for you. So, they went to the factory and made some hair. The man was so happy and said, Thank you, Lily and Teddy. You are very kind. From that day on, Lily, Teddy, the birdie, and the bald man became good friends and had many more adventures together.The church was big and tall. It was made of wood and stone and it was very heavy. There were lots of people inside, all coming together and singing. One of the people was a little girl called Emily. She was only three and she was feeling very scared and sad. She wanted to find a friendly face to make her feel better. All of a sudden, Emily saw a man in the corner who was smiling at her. She ran to him and gave him a big hug. He was so kind and loving and he hugged Emily back. The man told Emily that she should come to church every Sunday, and that he would take care of her. Emily smiled, feeling happy and safe knowing that she had someone to hug and love her.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She was an eager little girl and very excited about the day. Today, Lilys parents told her they were going to send her some delicious rice in the mail. Lily was full of joy and eagerly waited for it to come. Every day, Lily asked her mom when her rice would come in the mail. Every day, her mom said it was coming soon. Finally, Lily could hardly believe it when one day, her mom said her rice had arrived! Lily ran to the mailbox, and sure enough, there it was! Eagerly, Lily opened the package and inside she found a big box of rice. She was so excited, she jumped up and down. Lilys parents were happy to see her so full of joy and they shared the rice with her. It was the most delicious rice she had ever had! From then on, Lily looked forward to receiving delicious rice in the mail every day.Once there were two friends named Tommy and Mandy. Tommy wanted to win a race and asked Mandy for help. Mandy carefully explained how Tommy needed to practice running if he wanted to gain a victory. So Tommy practiced and practiced. He asked Mandy for tips and tricks. Soon Tommy was running faster than ever before! The day of the race finally arrived. Tommy was nervous, but he remembered all the things he had learned from Mandy. He focused and concentrated on his running. The race was long and difficult, but Tommy kept going. At the end, Tommy called out in delight! He had won the race! It was a delicate victory, but a victory nonetheless. Mandy clapped and cheered as Tommy was given his prize. Tommy and Mandy celebrated together. They had worked hard and gained a victory that neither could have achieved alone. They both basked in their sweet victory.Once there was a small bird who wanted to fly the highest. He tried and tried but couldnât make it very high. One day he saw a beautiful mountain and thought to himself, âœIâll fly higher than that mountain, Iâll soar!â He worked and worked, practicing everyday. Finally, he was ready. He spread his wings and said to himself, âœThis time Iâm going to fly the highest.â He took off, flapping his wings faster and faster. He felt the wind under his wings, lifting him higher and higher. He flew up, up, and up until he was above the mountain. He was surprised to find that he was almost touching the sky. He looked down and saw the beautiful mountain beneath him. All of a sudden he heard a voice calling out âœThatâs my mountain, thatâs my mountain.â The bird saw an eagle flying towards him. The eagle said, âœI have been watching you fly, little bird. You have flown higher than any bird before. You have soared the highest. That mountain is mine, it always has been. From now on, you will be the first one to soar above it. Itâs your mountain now.â The little bird was so thrilled to have his very own mountain. He thanked the eagle, and flew backOnce upon a time there was a big, grey cat named Bob. He wanted to go out and have some fun. Bob found a nice, clean sweater and he said, This sweater looks cozy! Im gonna get it. So Bob got the sweater. On his way home, Bob went through a pile of leaves and dirt. He got so dirty that the sweater was filthy too! Bob saw a bird and the bird said, Why do you have a filthy sweater? Bob said, I got it because it was clean and cozy. I guess I got too messy on my way back. The bird said, Now you need a bath! You better get going. And so Bob finished his adventure and went straight home for a bath. The end.Once upon a time, there was a very gloomy frog. He was so lonely, he just wanted to have a friend. So, one day, he decided to lie on his back in the sun. As he was basking in the glorious heat, a little girl, who was only three, came along. She saw the frog lying there, and said hello. The frog was so happy he jumped up and said hello back. The little girl was so delighted! She asked the frog if he would like to be her friend, and he said yes. From that day on, the frog and the little girl became the best of friends. Every morning the frog would jump out of his pond and give the little girl a big hug. The frog and the little girl even started having tea parties with mud pies! They had the best time together. Even on the gloomiest days, their friendship brought joy to their hearts. The frog and the little girl became inseparable. And their friendship never stopped blooming, from then until eternity.Once upon a time, there was a bee named Jack. One day, Jack flew near a big hive and he thought it looked nice. He decided to take a closer look. As Jack flew closer, he started to tremble. The hive was huge and it had lots of buzzing bees around it. It looked very difficult to enter. Suddenly, one of the bees noticed Jack and he asked, What are you doing here? Jack didnt know what to say, so he just shook his head. The bee saw that Jack was scared and he said, Dont worry, its ok. You can come and join us in the hive if you want. Jack was so relieved and he flew into the hive. After that, he was never afraid again.Tommy was very excited because he was going to read a letter. The envelope was pink and it had flowers on it. He opened the envelope slowly and carefully. Inside was a letter for him! It had lots of different colours and pictures on it. He couldnt wait to read it. Tommys mummy read the letter to him. It said that there was a surprise coming for him, but it didnt say what it was. Tommys mummy said that he would just have to wait and see. Tommy was a bit sad he didnt know what the surprise was, but he was excited about it at the same time. He went off to play, dreaming of what the surprise might be. Later on, Tommy found out what the surprise was and he was so happy! It was the best gift ever.Once there was a bunny called Fred. He was very happy and always bouncing around his garden. He would jump high and low, left and right. One day he noticed something special in the garden. It was a colourful kite! Fred was so excited. He wanted to touch it and so he jumped up to the kite. He felt the fabric and the strings of the kite and it felt so nice. Fred wanted to make the kite fly. He ran around the garden as fast as he could, bouncing and waving his arms around. Before long, the kite rose up into the air! Fred leapt and leapt in excitement, watching as the kite flew higher and higher. When the kite eventually came back down, Fred was so happy. He jumped up and grabbed it, feeling the soft fabric in his hands. His friends the birds and the bees came to look and admire the colourful kite. It was a wonderful day and Fred was so proud that his hard work had paid off.Sam loves baseball. He likes to watch it on TV and play with his dad. He has a baseball bat, a glove and a ball. He also has a camera. He likes to record himself hitting the ball. One day, Sam and his dad go to the park. They find a big field with a fence. Sam says, Dad, can we play baseball here? Dad says, Sure, son. Let me set up the camera. You can record your swings. Dad puts the camera on a tripod. He turns it on and points it at Sam. He says, Are you ready, Sam? Sam says, Yes, Dad. Im ready. He holds his bat and stands near the fence. Dad throws the ball to Sam. Sam swings his bat hard. He hits the ball. The ball flies over the fence. Sam says, Wow! I hit a home run! Dad says, That was amazing, Sam. You are very lucky. You recorded your first home run. Sam runs to the fence. He looks for the ball. He sees it on the other side. He says, Dad, can I get the ball? Dad says, Of course, son. Let me help you. They climb over the fence and get the ball. Sam is very happy. He hugs his dad and his ball. He says, Thank you, Dad. This is the best day ever. I love baseball. Dad says, I love you, Sam. You are my lucky star. They smile and go back to the camera. They watch the video of Sams home run. They are very proud.Once upon a time there was a mom and a dad who had a naughty little boy. He loved to run around and shout and that was not allowed. So one day the mommy told the boy not to do that anymore. But he did not listen. So the daddy got really mad. He said that the little boy must be punished. He gave the naughty boy a pipe. He said if he runs around and shouts again he will have to play this pipe for a whole day. The little boy was so sad. He said he would never do it again. But one day he forgot and ran around and shouted. So the daddy said he must play the pipe for a whole day. The little boy was very sad. He knew he had been naughty, but the punishment was too hard. He started to cry and the dad started to feel bad. That night, the mom and dad said they loved him and wouldnt punish him again. The little boy was very happy and he promised hell never shout again. He played his pipe everyday, but now it was just for fun. He was happy again.Once upon a time, there was a kind doctor. He helped people who were sick or hurt. One day, a little girl came to him. She had a big booboo on her knee. The doctor put a bandaid on it and said it would heal soon. The doctor also had a friend who was deaf. This means he couldnt hear anything. The doctor wanted to help his friend, so he wrote him a note on a page. The page said that he loved him and wanted to help him hear again. The doctor was very happy when he found out that his friends ears started to heal. He could hear a little bit now! The doctor was so happy that he ran around and danced. He loved helping people and making them feel better.Once upon a time, there was a tiny lamb who loved to wave at the clouds in the sky. She had a soft wool coat that kept her warm and happy. One day, the lamb got lost in the meadow and looked for her mommy. She felt very helpless and didnât know where to go. Suddenly, she saw a tall man wearing a big hat. He waved and called the lamb over with a gentle voice. The lamb felt safe and walked closer to him. The man smiled and offered her a yummy carrot. He told the lamb that he would help her find her mommy. The lamb smiled and let the man carry her in his arms. They searched for a long time but finally, the man saw a sheep in the distance. He waved at the sheep and the lambâs mommy started running towards them. The lamb and her mommy were so happy to be reunited. The man smiled and gave the lamb a warm hug. She thanked him with a wave and a soft bleat. The man watched them go and wished the lamb a happy life. He turned around and disappeared into the meadow.Lucy was anxious. She was hiding from Mommy. Lucy had jumped into a pile of soil and stayed very still. A meow came from behind Lucy and she saw her cat, Fluffy. What are you doing here, Fluffy? Lucy asked. Im here to help you hide. Fluffy said, brushing gently against Lucys leg. Thank you, Fluffy. Lucy smiled. No problem, Fluffy said. Lucy and Fluffy stayed there for what seemed like a long time. Finally, Mommy called out for Lucy, but she couldnt find her. Lucy and Fluffy had done a good job at hiding. Lucy laughed and hugged Fluffy tightly.One day, Sarah and her mom went to the park. Sarah was excited to get on the playground equipment. She ran up to the slide and she said, Mommy, can I get on the slide? Yes, Sarah, you can, her mom said. Sarah went down the slide. She loved it! Then Sarah noticed something. There was something stuck in the zipper on her coat. It was a dead bug! Mommy, look! she said. Sarahs mom looked at the zipper. Oh no! she said. I am sorry Sarah, but now you are going to have to get a new coat. Sarah was sad. She had wanted to keep this coat for a long time. She started to cry. But then her mom gave her a hug and said, Dont worry, Sarah. We will get you a new one with a nice zipper. Sarah was happy. She felt better, and was ready to get a new coat with a nice new zipper.Anna and Ben are twins. They like to play with their toys and books. One day, they visit their grandma and grandpa. Grandma and grandpa have a big house with a garden. They also have a cat named Fluffy. Hello, Anna and Ben! Grandma says. We are happy to see you. Do you want some cookies and milk? Yes, please! Anna and Ben say. They follow grandma to the kitchen. They see Fluffy sleeping on a chair. Fluffy is a flexible cat. He can curl up and stretch out in many ways. Can we pet Fluffy? Anna asks. Sure, but be gentle. He might be grumpy if you wake him up. Grandma says. Anna and Ben pet Fluffy softly. Fluffy opens his eyes and purrs. He likes Anna and Ben. After they eat their cookies and drink their milk, grandma and grandpa take Anna and Ben to their bedroom. They have a big bed with a soft sheet. The sheet is blue and has stars on it. Can we play on the bed? Ben asks. Of course, but be careful. Dont jump too high or fall off. Grandpa says. Anna and Ben climb on the bed. They pretend the sheet is a tent. They hide under the sheet and make funny noises. They giggle and have fun. Grandma and grandpa watch them and smile. They love Anna and Ben. They are happy to have them visit.Once upon a time, there was a small puppy named Max. Max loved to play outside and chase butterflies. One day, Maxs owner, a little girl named Lily, said to him, Max, would you like some food? Max barked happily and wagged his tail. Yes please! he said. Lily went inside and got Max some yummy dog food. She put it in his bowl and served it to him. Max gobbled it up quickly, wagging his tail the whole time. Thank you, Lily! he said. After Max finished his food, he went back outside to play. Lily watched him from the window and smiled. She loved her small puppy very much.Once there were two friends, Sarah and Lucy, who decided to go for a walk in the woods. As they were walking around, Sarah saw something shiny in the dirt. It was a skull! The two friends stopped to look at it. Lucy asked Sarah, What could it have been? Sarah wasnt sure, but she had a feeling the answer was unknown. The two friends kept walking around the woods and then they saw a dark figure. It was a man, but they werent sure who he was. He seemed to be acting strangely. Sarah suggested they should leave quickly, but Lucy thought they should stay to see what the man was doing. The man saw that Sarah and Lucy had spotted him, and he began to run away. The two friends decided to follow him as they were curious to see where he was going. The man was leading them further and further away from the woods and into an unknown part of the forest. Suddenly, the man stopped and let out a loud laugh. He then disappeared, leaving Sarah and Lucy alone in the dark forest. They had no way to get back home and didnt know what to do. The moral of this story is to always be cautious and trust your gut feeling. Sarah had a feeling something wasnt right, but Lucy overruled her and put them in danger.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved going on car rides with his mommy and daddy. He especially loved sitting in the back seat of the car. One day, Timmy and his family went to the park. They played on the swings and went down the slide. After a while, Timmy got tired and wanted to go home. Mommy, can we return home now? Timmy asked. Yes, we can go home now, Mommy replied. Timmy climbed into his seat in the back of the car. Daddy started the car and the engine was very loud. Timmy covered his ears and said, Daddy, the car is too loud! Dont worry, Timmy. Well be home soon, Daddy said. And they drove back home, with Timmy safely in his seat.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy liked to play with blocks. He had a lot of blocks that were different colors. One day, Timmys mom gave him some new blocks. They were square and very colorful. Timmy was happy to have new blocks to play with. Timmy started building with his new blocks. He made a tower that was very tall. Then, he made a castle that had four square walls. It was very colorful too. Timmys mom came to see what he had made. She recognized that Timmy was very good at building with blocks. Timmy was proud of his castle and he played with it every day. He liked the new square and colorful blocks that his mom gave him. He was happy to have so many blocks to play with.Once upon a time there were two best friends, Jack and Jill. They were both three years old and always had fun together. One day they were playing in the garden when they saw a parade pass by! It was full of loud noises and fantastic floats. Jack and Jill were so excited. They wanted to join in on the fun so they ran up the street. Jack found a spot right at the front but Jill did not fit between all the people. Jack urged Jill to find a better spot and she ran around to the side street. There she found a perfect spot to see the whole parade. Jill clapped and cheered as the parade passed by. When it was finished she ran back to Jack. They both hugged and laughed. From that day on, Jack and Jill always knew to find a fit spot for the parades.Once upon a time, there was a mommy and a little boy. The mommy was cooking in the kitchen. She was making something spicy. The little boy wanted to help, but he was too small. Suddenly, the little boy sneezed! The mommy laughed and said, Bless you! The little boy smiled and felt happy.Once upon a time there was a small bird. She had two shiny wings that she kept close to her body. She was very happy because her wings were so tight. One day, she decided to fly away and explore the world. She flew and flew, going higher and higher. Suddenly, strong winds came and pushed her wings, sending her further away. But the bird was brave. She kept her wings tight and kEPT flapping. She flew and flew, until she saw a bright green tree. Then she slowly made her way down and landed on a branch. The little bird was very happy. She had flown far away and she could see so many interesting things in the distance. She looked up at the sky and promised herself to keep flapping her wings to explore and learn new things.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Mandy. She had a big sister who was very bossy. One day it was Mandys birthday, and she wanted to bake a cake. She asked her big sister to help her bake the cake. No! her big sister said in a bossy voice. You need to do it yourself. So Mandy got some flour, eggs and sugar, and she tried to bake the cake. She mixed all the ingredients together and put it into a cake tin. But then she realized she had no oven! Mandy started to cry, but then she saw something strange. Her big sister had very big lips, and when she blew on the cake mix it started to bake! Mandy was so happy she clapped her hands. When the cake was done, Mandy shared it with her big sister. She was so surprised that Mandy had managed to bake the cake. They both enjoyed the cake, and the birthday was a great success!Anna and Ben were hungry. They wanted to eat pizza. Mom said she would make pizza for them. She put some cheese and sauce on bread and put it in the oven. Can we watch the pizza, Mom? Anna asked. Sure, but be careful. The oven is very hot. Dont touch it, Mom said. Anna and Ben sat on the floor and looked at the oven. They saw the cheese melt and the bread turn brown. They smelled the pizza. It smelled good. Is it ready, Mom? Ben asked. Not yet. It needs to change a little more. Wait for the timer to beep, Mom said. Anna and Ben waited. They heard the timer beep. Mom opened the oven and took out the pizza. She cut it into slices and put them on a plate. Here you go, kids. Enjoy your pizza. But be careful. Its very hot. Blow on it first, Mom said. Anna and Ben took a slice each. They blew on it and took a bite. It was yummy. They smiled and said, Thank you, Mom. We love pizza. Mom smiled and said, Youre welcome, kids. I love you.Once upon a time there was a factory where lots of people worked. One day, a rude man came to work and was mean to everyone. The people at the factory shrugged their shoulders and waved goodbye to the man. They knew it was best to stay away from him and be nice. Days and weeks went by and the factory continued to work, but then the man came back. The workers were upset and tried to ignore him. The man screamed and yelled, but the people kept waving. Eventually the man went away, never to return. The factory workers were so relieved! But then they noticed what the man had done. He had fixed all the broken machines! It turned out the rude man was actually a handyman who had come to fix the machines. Even though he was rude, he wanted to help. The people at the factory realized it and waved goodbye to him with respect.Once upon a time, there was a little girl called Rita. She loved animals, so one morning she went to the zoo. Rita found a big enclosure with a gorilla inside. The gorilla looked very sad and was frowning. Rita asked a zoo keeper why the gorilla was so unhappy, and the zoo keeper replied in a mild voice, Hes been here by himself for a while, hes just lonely I think. Rita understood and started to wave and smiled at the gorilla. The gorilla waved back and started to smile too! Rita was so delighted that she came back the next day. This time, the gorilla was smiling and running around the enclosure. Rita waved and said hello and the gorilla waved back. Rita was very happy to see the gorilla happy, and she smiled too.Once upon a time, there was a couple who lived together. The husband was called Bob, and his wifes name was Sue. They were happy together until one day Bob had an idea to do something different. He asked his wife, Sue, what if we were to separate for a while? At first Sue wasnt sure, but she thought that it might be a good idea. So Bob and Sue decided to separate, and they said goodbye to each other. Bob found an original house to live in, and Sue stayed in hers. Every few weeks they would meet up, and they would talk and laugh and enjoy being with each other again, even though they were now living separately. After several months of living this way, Bob and Sue realized that being apart made them appreciate each other even more. They decided that it would be better to stay together, and so they became husband and wife again. And they lived happily ever after.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved playing with his toys and sharing them with his friends. One day, Timmys friend Billy came over to play. Timmy showed Billy his favorite toy and asked if he wanted to play with it. But Billy said no and took the toy away from Timmy. Timmy felt sad and didnt know what to do. He wanted to play with his toy but didnt want to be selfish and not share with his friend. So, he asked his mom if it was okay to not share his toy with Billy. His mom told him that its important to share, but its also okay to permit yourself to keep your favorite toy for a little while. Timmy felt better after talking to his mom and decided to share his other toys with Billy. They had a fun time playing together and Timmy realized that sharing is important, but its also okay to name some special things as your own and permit yourself to keep them for a little while.Once upon a time, there was a little bird who loved to sing. Everywhere the bird went, it sang a lovely song. All the other animals in the forest enjoyed the birds song. One day the bird was singing when it saw a flower. The bird stopped singing and looked at the flower. It was so pretty that the bird couldnt help but to sing a special song. It was a song of love and kindness, just for the flower. The flower smiled and said, Thank you for your lovely song! The bird was so happy. It sang its song even louder, and all the other animals in the forest clapped and cheered. From that day on, the bird would go to the flower every day to sing its song. The flower liked it so much that it even gave the bird a special present, a bright yellow ribbon. The bird flew away with the ribbon around its neck, singing its lovely song.Lily was an adventurous girl who liked to explore new places. One day, she saw a big hill covered with snow. She wanted to slide down the hill on her sled. She put on her red mitten and ran to the hill. But when she got there, she saw that there was another boy on the hill. He was also sliding on his sled. He had a blue mitten. He looked at Lily and said, This is my hill. You cant slide here. Go away. Lily felt sad and angry. She said, No, this is not your hill. This is a big hill for everyone. I want to slide too. You have to share. The boy said, No, I dont have to share. I was here first. You have to yield. That means you have to let me go first and wait for your turn. Lily said, No, you have to yield too. That means you have to take turns and be fair. You cant have the hill all the time. The boy and Lily started to argue. They did not listen to each other. They did not have fun. They only made noise. Then, they heard a loud roar. They looked up and saw a big bear coming down the hill. The bear was hungry and angry. He saw the boy and Lily and wanted to eat them. The boy and Lily were very scared. They forgot about their sleds and their mittens. They ran away from the hill as fast as they could. They did not stop until they reached their homes. They learned a lesson that day. They learned that it is better to share and yield than to fight and be greedy. They learned that being adventurous is good, but being careful is also good. They learned that sometimes, a big hill is not worth a big trouble.Once there was a boy who was very jealous of his friends. He had seen them in a big raft out on the lake. He wanted to go in the raft with them but they wouldnt let him. He was feeling really bad and sad. One day the boy found his own raft and decided he would take it out on the lake himself. He wished he could take it out with his friends, but he was sure they wouldnt let him. So he grabbed the raft and ran down to the docks. When he got there, his friends were already there on their raft. He started to paddle out to them, when suddenly his paddle broke! The boy was so scared, he tried to get back to shore, but the wind was too strong. He was stuck in the middle of the lake and started to cry. His friends had seen him and paddled closer to help him, but when he tried to make it to them, the wind would push him back. Finally, his friends had to shut off their raft and turn back to get help. Unfortunately, by the time they got there the boy had been swept out to sea. The moral of the story is that jealousy will lead you nowhere. The boy wanted to join his friends, but his own jealousy and pride drove him to take risks that could have been avoided. He should have been happy with what he had and not been jealous of his friends.Once upon a time there lived a kind little girl named Emma. She loved to play with her dolls, eat her dinner and cuddle with her mum. One day Emma was feeling a bit sad and began to cry. Her mum came over and gave her a big hug. She said âThere, there, its alright. Youll feel much better soon.â After a while Emma felt better. She smiled. âLets have dinner,â said her mum. It was a beautiful dinner with lots of yummy food. After dinner, the two snuggled up on the sofa and looked at the stars in the sky. Emma loved looking at the stars, they were so sparkly and beautiful. Suddenly, a shooting star appeared! Emma clapped her hands in delight. Her mum gave her a squeeze and said âIll always be here to comfort you.â Emma smiled and knew she was safe and loved.Once upon a time there was a little girl who had a case. She wanted to match the things inside the case with their friends. Everyday she tried to match them but it was hard. She got frustrated and wondered why it was so hard. One day she asked her mom for help. Her mom explained that the things inside the case had to go together in a special way. The little girl tried again and was very careful this time. Finally she matched everything and the case was full. She was very happy. The end.Once upon a time there was a brave little girl. Her name was Lily and she was very independent. One day, her mom gave her a special mission. She put an iron in Lilys hands and said, Lily, I dare you to iron your own clothes! Lily was so excited. She knew it would take practice, but she was determined to succeed. She spent every day ironing her own clothes. She didnt give up. Finally, one day she did it! She had learned how to iron without help from anyone. She had done it all by herself, and she was proud. From then on, Lily was known as a very independent girl who was proud to conquer the challenge of ironing her own clothes. The end.Tommy was feeling so excited for his first day at school. He was wearing his new red shirt, which he loved. He was very happy when his mom gave him the shirt. On his way to school, he saw a cat. He wanted to chase it but his mom said not to. He was so embarrassed when his mom told him he couldnt chase it. He had a quick lunch with his classmates at school. He ate a hotdog and had some juice. The lunch was really yummy but it was over very quickly. In a few minutes the teacher asked everyone to gather around the table. He was a bit scared but started to follow the other students. The teacher gave each student a long pencil. He felt relaxed and happy when he saw his pencil was the longest one. Tommy was so proud to have such a long pencil. He was so excited for his first day of school that he almost forgot about his embarrassing moment with the cat.Once upon a time, there was a generous pigeon. Everywhere she went, she tried to help animals by sharing some of her food. All the other animals welcomed her with a smile. But one day, the pigeon had eaten all of her food. She was very hungry and had nowhere to go. Then, she heard a voice in the distance. It was an old fox. The fox said, I will give you some food, dear pigeon if you help me with a task I have. I need you to collect some stones that are lying around my den. Can you help me? The generous pigeon happily agreed to help the fox. Once she had collected the stones, the fox gave her a feast of food to eat. The moral of the story If you are generous and helpful to others, you will be rewarded.Once upon a time, there was a big park with lots of trees and grass. Many kids liked to play there because it was so fun. One day, a little girl named Lily went to the park with her mommy. Lily saw a big slide and wanted to go down it, but there were too many kids waiting. So, she decided to go on the swings instead. She stood on the ground and waited for her turn. After a while, Lily got tired and wanted to go home. She asked her mommy where the exit was. Her mommy pointed to a gate and they walked towards it. On the way, they saw a popular ice cream truck. Lily wanted some ice cream, but her mommy said they could get some another time. Finally, they reached the exit and went home. Lily was happy because she had fun at the park and knew she could come back another day.Once upon a time, a little boy named Timmy wanted to climb a big tree. He tried and tried, but he couldnt do it. His mommy said, Dont worry, Timmy. Keep trying and you will succeed. One day, Timmy climbed the tree all the way to the top! He was so happy and proud of himself. Suddenly, he heard a loud sound. It was thunder! Timmy was scared, but his mommy said, Dont worry, Timmy. Thunder is just a loud noise in the sky. Timmy climbed back down the tree and ran inside with a smooth feeling of success. He knew he could do anything if he kept trying.Once upon a time there was a big construction project. A boy named Jack wanted to help the workers build something. Jack asked the workers, What can I do? The workers said, We need someone to design a huge fridge. Can you do it? Jack nodded. He got to work right away. He drew a picture of the fridge and showed it to the workers. The workers said, Its perfect! Lets get to work building the huge fridge. So the workers and Jack built a huge fridge together. When it was finished, the fridge was grand and giant. Everyone was proud of the job they had done. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little boy called Jack. He loved to look up at the sky and watch the clouds go by. One day, Jack got on a big crane and it started to lift him high up into the sky. He was so excited to be up so high and see the world from above. But then something unexpected happened! As the crane kept lifting Jack higher and higher, the sky became dark and a deep storm cloud started to form above him. Lightning flashed across the sky and thunder roared like a lion. Jack was so scared that he started to cry. The crane operator tried his best to lower Jack back down to safety, but the storm cloud was too strong. It kept pushing the crane further and further up into the sky until eventually it was impossible to go back. Jack was so far up in the sky and he was never seen again. The moral of the story is that no matter how excited you are to explore the world, always be careful of the deep storm clouds.Once there was a silly rabbit who loved to play. One day he found a bin and decided to turn it over. He smiled as he watched it reverse onto the ground. He decided it would be fun to jump inside and he hopped in. He wiggled and bounced around until he accidentally knocked the bin back over again. The rabbit was surprised but it made him laugh. He reversed the bin back onto the ground and giggled as he jumped inside again. He kept reversing the bin onto the ground and jumping inside every time until he eventually got tired and lay down for a nap inside the bin. His friends came to find him but could not figure out where he was until they saw the reversed bin. They were relieved to find him safe and sound but also found him very silly for taking a nap inside!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She wanted to go camping with her family. They set up a tent in the woods. Lily was so happy to sleep in the tent with her family. During the night, it started to rain. The tent was leaking and Lily got wet. She was sad and wanted to go home. But her dad said, Lets try to fix the tent and stay a little longer. They worked together to fix the tent and it stopped leaking. Lily was grateful to her dad for fixing the tent. They stayed the whole weekend and had a great time. When they went home, Lily told her friends about her camping adventure and how she helped fix the tent.Once upon a time, there was a pretty princess named Lily. She had a shiny case to keep her jewels in. One day, a sneaky thief came and tried to steal her case. Oh no! Someone is trying to steal my pretty case! cried Lily. Dont worry, Princess Lily. I will help you catch the thief, said the brave knight. The knight chased the thief and caught him. He returned the pretty case to Princess Lily and she was very happy. Thank you for saving my case, brave knight! exclaimed Lily. Youre welcome, Princess Lily. I will always protect you and your pretty things, replied the knight.Joe was very excited. He had been waiting for the day to come for such a long time. His birthday had finally arrived! His mommy said, Lets unpack the birthday presents! Joe jumped out of bed and raced to the room with the presents. Joe saw one particularly large present. He couldnt believe what was inside! It was an adventurous toy! Joe said, Wow, mommy! What is it? Mommy smiled and said, Its a word building game. You can go on all sorts of amazing adventures while you put the words together. Joe clapped his hands and said, Thank you mommy! I cant wait to unpack it and start playing! Joe and mommy unpacked the game and started playing. Joe had so much fun putting the words together and going on all sorts of adventurous adventures. When the sun went down and it was time for bed, Joe was so excited for the next day. He couldnt wait to start playing the word building game again!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to draw with her crayons. One day, she went to the park with her mommy and brought her favorite red crayon with her. At the park, Lily met a little boy named Timmy. Timmy asked if he could use her red crayon to draw a picture. Lily didnt want to share her crayon, but she promised to let him use it for just a little while. Timmy drew a great picture with the red crayon, and Lily was happy she made a new friend. Later, when they were leaving the park, Timmy gave Lily a piece of candy as a thank you. Lily smiled and knew that keeping her promise was worth it.Anna and Ben are twins. They like to play with their toys in their room. But sometimes their room is very messy. Mommy says they have to organize their toys or they will lose them. One day, Anna and Ben decide to organize their toys by color. They make piles of red, blue, green, yellow and pink toys. They are very careful with their fragile toys, like the glass doll and the wooden train. They do not want to break them. When they finish, they are very proud of their work. They show Mommy their organized room. Mommy is very happy. She says they did a good job. She gives them a hug and a cookie. Anna and Ben have an idea. They want to sing a song for Mommy to thank her. They think of a song they know. It is about a rainbow. They sing the song together. They use their fingers to show the colors of the rainbow. Mommy listens to their song. She smiles and claps. She says they have beautiful voices. She says she loves them very much. She says they are her rainbow. Anna and Ben hug Mommy. They are very happy. They love Mommy too.Once upon a time, there was a tiny mouse who enjoyed exploring. One day, he decided to climb up the roof of his house. He felt so excited it was higher than he had ever been before! On the roof, he discovered something incredible a gigantic bowl of yummy treats. He couldnt believe his eyes! He scrambled over to the bowl and peeked inside. All sorts of delicious sweet and savory snacks lay inside. The mouse was hungry, so he decided to have a taste of one treat. He bit into a soft, chewy caramel and it was the most delicious thing he had ever tasted. He helped himself to many more treats before heading back to his home. The mouse kept visiting the roof every day to enjoy the incredible treats. He was happy and content, but he was sure to take only a few each time after all, sharing is caring!Once upon a time there was a wise old bear. He lived in a cave by the sea and he ate fruit every day. One day, he decided to go for a walk in the forest. As he was walking, he came upon a small rabbit. The rabbit seemed scared and was shaking a lot. The bear walked up to the rabbit and asked, Whats wrong? The rabbit looked at the bear and said, There is a mean fox in the forest. He is trying to steal all the fruit. Please help me protect the fruit. The bear smiled and said, I will help you! We will protect the fruit together. So the wise old bear and the small rabbit worked together to keep the mean fox away. They watched over the fruit every day until the fox eventually gave up and left. The bear and the rabbit became good friends and they shared the fruit together. From that day on, they vowed to protect the forest and its fruit forever.Once upon a time, there was a big bush in the forest. The bush was very friendly and always waved to the animals passing by. One day, a little bird came to the bush and said, I wish I could build a nest in your branches, but they are too prickly and uncomfortable. The bush felt sad and wanted to improve so that the little bird could make a nest in it. The bush asked the other plants in the forest for help and they suggested that it grow softer leaves. The bush worked hard and soon it had soft leaves that the little bird could use to build a cozy nest. The little bird was so happy and thanked the bush for being so friendly and helpful. The bush was happy too because it had made a new friend and learned that its always good to improve and help others.One Tuesday, Tony and his mom were playing a game. They were pretending to be firefighters, with Tony being the brave firefighter and his mom encouraging him to save the day. For the game, Tonys mom suggested that Tony should always be dependable and honest to protect the people of the town. They continued to play the game and had so much fun. As the day came to an end, Tonys mom gave him a big hug and said, Now, lets take away this lesson from our game today always be dependable and honest no matter what. Its the best way to stay safe and make people happy. Tony was so happy that he hugged his mom back. He was glad to have learned this important lesson. And he promised to always be dependable and honest, just like his mom suggested. From that day on, Tony always kept the lesson in mind, and it made him much safer and happier.One day, a sailor was out at sea. The water was blue and the sky was bright. The sailor was sailing in his boat, smiling in the sunshine.Suddenly, there was a nosy bird. The bird flew overhead, looking around. The sailor smiled and nodded at the bird. The sailor kept sailing and soon came to shore. It was a beautiful beach, filled with colorful shells. The sailor walked around, looking at everything. But then he noticed something strange. A nosy crab was walking around, looking at everything too. The sailor nodded at the crab. Then he noticed something even more strange. It was a nosy little girl, peeking out from behind a rock. The sailor smiled and waved at the girl. She smiled back and waved goodbye. The sailor sailed away, waving goodbye to the nosy girl and the nosy crab. He smiled, feeling happy and content. The nosy bird flew above, watching him sail away.Tom and Sue are friends. They like to play in the park. One day, they see a big map on a wall. The map shows many places and colors. Look, Tom, this is where we are, Sue says. She points to a spot on the map. And this is where the sun goes down. It is called west. Wow, west is far away, Tom says. He looks at the map. I wonder what is there. Maybe there are animals and trees and mountains. Maybe we can find out, Sue says. She has an idea. Lets pretend we are explorers. We can go west and see what we can find. OK, lets go, Tom says. He is excited. He and Sue take their backpacks and hats and start to walk. They follow the map and the sun. They walk for a long time. They see many things. They see cars and buses and shops and people. They see flowers and birds and dogs and cats. They see a river and a bridge and a boat. They have fun. But they do not find west. West is still far away. They start to feel tired and hungry. Tom, I think we should go back, Sue says. She looks at the map. We are lost. We do not know where we are. Me too, Tom says. He looks at the sun. It is getting dark. We need to find our way home. They are scared. They do not know what to do. They look around. They see a big sign. The sign says Park. Look, Sue, the park! Tom says. He is happy. He knows the park. We are not lost. We are lucky. We can find our way home from here. Yes, Tom, we are lucky, Sue says. She is happy too. She knows the park. We can find our way home from here. They run to the park. They see their parents. Their parents are looking for them. They are worried. Tom! Sue! Where have you been? their parents say. They hug them. They are relieved. We went west, Tom and Sue say. They show them the map. We were explorers. We saw many things. But we got lost. Then we found the park. We are lucky. Their parents smile. They are proud. They are glad. You are lucky, their parents say. But you are also brave. And curious. And smart. You learned a lot today. But next time, please tell us where you are going. And do not go too far. West is a big place. Maybe we can go there together someday. Tom and Sue nod. They agree. They are sorry. They are happy. They go home. They have dinner. They tell their parents more stories. They have a lot of questions. They want to know more about west. They go to bed. They dream of west. They are lucky.Once upon a time there was a noisy rain. It was so noisy that everyone in the town believed it would never stop. One day, a young boy named Tim wanted to see what all the noise was about. He put on his raincoat and hat and stepped outside. Tim looked up at the sky and saw the rain falling down. He smiled and said, Its fun! As he danced in the rain, he heard someone say, You dont really believe the rain wont stop, do you? Tim turned around and saw his grandpa standing next to him. He shook his head and said, No, I know the rain will stop soon. Grandpa smiled and said, Im glad you believe that. Then he put his arm around Tim and said, But for now, lets just enjoy the noisy rain!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily who loved to play dressup. One day, she put on a beautiful dress and a sparkly crown and pretended to become a princess. She twirled around and said, Look at me, Im a princess! Her mom came into the room and said, Wow, Lily, you look so pretty! But do you want to be an original princess? Lily didnt understand what original meant, so her mom explained, An original princess is one who is unique and special. She doesnt just wear a regular dress and crown, she adds her own special touches to make her stand out. Lily thought about it and decided to add some flowers to her hair and a shiny necklace. She twirled around again and said, Now Im an original princess! Her mom smiled and said, Yes, you are, Lily. And youre the most beautiful princess Ive ever seen.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, she went to the store with her mommy to buy some cards for her friends. Lily saw a big box of ice cream and wanted some. She asked her mommy if she could have some ice cream, but her mommy said no because it was too cold outside. Lily was sad, but she remembered that her mommy always said that its important to listen to your parents. She knew that her mommy was ordering her to not eat the ice cream because it wasnt good for her. So, she didnt argue and instead helped her mommy pick out some pretty cards for her friends. When they got home, Lilys mommy was proud of her for listening and not throwing a tantrum. She rewarded Lily with a warm cup of hot cocoa to help her warm up. Lily learned that sometimes its important to follow orders and not always get what you want.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the park with her friends. One day, Lilys uncle came to visit her. He was a tall man with a big smile. Lily was happy to see him. Uncle Jack asked Lily if she wanted to play a game. He said, Lets count the number of birds we see in the park. Lily loved this idea and they started to count. They saw one bird, two birds, three birds and so on. After a while, Lily started to feel cold. She told her uncle that she wanted to go home. Uncle Jack picked her up and carried her home. Lily felt warm and cozy in her uncles arms. She was happy to have him as her uncle.Once there was a little girl named Jane. She really liked to play hide and seek in her house. One day, she came across a hidden vase! Jane was very excited and decided to wrap the vase in a blanket so that it would be safe. But then she had a great idea why not wrap the vase up and give it to her mom as a surprise! So thats exactly what she did. Jane sneakily wrapped the vase up in some pretty paper and left it under her moms bed. On her moms birthday, Jane waited patiently until she came home. When she saw the gift, her moms eyes lit up and she was so happy. Jane was proud of her surprise. She had used her imagination and found a special way to give her mom a special surprise.Once upon a time, there was a bunny named Hop. Hop liked to hop around in the grass. One day, Hop hurt his lip when he hopped too fast and fell down. His lip was sore and he couldnt eat his carrots. Hop felt sad and slow. His friends, a squirrel and a bird, saw him and came to help. The squirrel gave him a nut to make him feel better, and the bird sang a song to cheer him up. After a while, Hops lip felt better and he could hop around again. Hop was happy to have such good friends.The little girl was full of joy. She was ready to go to the doctor. She was excited to see what happens inside the doctors office. The doctor took an xray of the girl. She was curious to see what it looked like. At the doctors office, the little girl was peaceful as the doctor pulled the xray machine. She watched as the doctor moved the xray machine over her body. Suddenly, a bright light shined on her chest. The little girl was amazed! After the visit was done, the little girl was happy that everything went well. She looked at the xray that the doctor took of her. She liked looking at the xray and feeling peaceful in the doctors office.Anna and Ben are friends. They like to play in the park. They run, jump, slide and swing. They have fun. Look at me, Anna! Ben says. He swings high and fast. He kicks his legs and smiles. I see you, Ben! Anna says. She swings too, but not so high. She is tired. She wants to rest. Are you tired, Anna? Ben asks. He stops swinging and jumps off. He runs to Anna. Yes, Ben. I am tired. My legs are tired. My eyes are tired. Anna says. She stops swinging and gets off. She rubs her eyes. Lets sit on the bench, Anna. We can rest. Ben says. He takes Annas hand and leads her to the bench. They sit down and lean on each other. Thats better, Ben. Thank you. Anna says. She yawns and closes her eyes. Youre welcome, Anna. Youre my friend. Ben says. He yawns and closes his eyes too. They rest on the bench. They are happy. They are friends.Once upon a time, there was a poor boy who lived in the east. He didnt have many toys or friends to play with. One day, he found some paint and decided to make a pretty picture on the wall. But then, his mom came home and saw the paint on the wall. She got very angry and yelled at the poor boy. He felt sad and scared. He didnt know what to do. The next day, the poor boy tried to clean the paint off the wall, but he couldnt. His mom was still angry and didnt want to help him. The poor boy felt even sadder. He wished he had never painted on the wall.Once upon a time there were two friends, a cow and a chicken. They were playing in the meadow. The cow said, Lets play hide and seek! The chicken said, Yes! Ill hide first! Then he hopped in the hay. The Cow started counting. She said, One, two, three! The chicken was very quiet but the cow knew where he was. She said, I see you in the hay! Suddenly the cow heard a fierce roar. It was a lion! The lion said, Lets all play together! The cow and chicken were so scared. But then the cow had a clever idea. She said, Can you fold up the hay and make a big cushion for us to sit on? The lion gave a big smile and said, I can! The lion folded the hay into a big, comfy cushion. Then the three friends sat on it together and sang and played. The cow and chicken thanked the lion for being so fierce but kind.Once upon a time, there was a big, deep forest. In the forest, there lived a little bunny. One day, the bunny was hopping around when he saw a broken tree. The bunny knew he had to repair the tree, so he got to work. He gathered some sticks and leaves and fixed the tree. As the bunny was hopping away, he saw a wise old owl. The owl gave the bunny a wink and said, Good job repairing the tree. The bunny felt happy and proud of himself. From that day on, the bunny knew that he could do anything he put his mind to. And whenever he saw something that needed repairing, he would hop right to it!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to eat pancakes for breakfast. One day, Lilys mom made her pancakes on a big plate. Lily was so happy and started eating right away. But then, Lily accidentally knocked over the plate and it broke into many pieces. She felt sad and didnt know what to do. Her mom saw what happened and said, Dont worry, we can reverse this. Lets clean up the pieces and Ill get you a new plate. Lily was happy again and said, Thank you, Mommy. I was ignorant and didnt mean to break the plate. Her mom hugged her and said, Its okay, accidents happen. Lets be more careful next time. And they enjoyed their pancakes together on a new plate.Once upon a time, there was a little puppy named Spot. Spot loved to play with his ball in the park. One day, he saw a big tree and wanted to get a closer look. Spot leaned on the tree to sniff it, but the tree was not strong. The tree fell down with a loud crash! A little girl named Lily saw what happened. She felt sorry for the tree and for Spot. She knew that they should not lean on things that are not strong. Lily decided to help Spot learn a lesson. Together, they planted a new tree in the park. Spot and Lily took care of the tree every day. As the tree grew, they learned to be careful and respect nature. They also learned that when they make a mistake, they can fix it by doing something good. And from that day on, Spot never leaned on a tree again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Jennie. Jennie was three years old and she was always looking for something fun to do. One day, she saw a very expensive notebook in the store. She asked her mom if she could get it. Her mom said, No, its too expensive. We wont be able to get it. Jennie was sad, but she didnt give up. She said, Please, mommy. Its a very beautiful notebook and I really want it. Her mom said, Well, okay. But it had better not be too expensive. So Jennie and her mom went to the store and Jennie got the notebook. It wasnt too expensive, so Jennie was very happy. She carried the notebook around with her all the time, writing in it and drawing lots of pictures. She had lots of fun with her new notebook!Once upon a time there lived an adorable little spider called Steve. One day Steve was walking in the garden and saw something exciting. He decided to take a closer look. Steve got closer and saw a big rock. He started to rub the rock with his tiny little legs. Suddenly, the rock started to move. Steve was so surprised that he jumped back. He saw something emerge from underneath the rock. It was a little rabbit. The rabbit said, Hi there! What are you doing? Steve replied, Hi! Im just rubbing this rock. The rabbit said, Ah, thats nice and they both went back to rubbing the rock. They had so much fun that they both forgot to stop. After a while, Steve realized how late it was and said goodbye to the rabbit and went home. Steve was so happy that he made a new friend! He knew that this would be an adventure he would never forget.Sam was a happy little threeyearold child. He was always fascinated by the huge green port that was near his house. Every day he would go there and watch the boats come and go. One day, Sam noticed something was different. A big barge had come and dropped something off. It was a strange, new green boat. Sam decided to take a closer look. When Sam got closer, he saw a sailor who told him that the barge had brought the new green boat to replace the old one. Sam was so excited. He asked the sailor if he could help replace the boat. The sailor smiled and said, âœSure, if itâs OK with your mom.â Sam ran back home to ask his mom if he could help the sailor. After getting permission, Sam ran back to the port and with the help of the sailor, he helped to replace the old boat with the new one. Sam was so happy with his new accomplishment. He had never helped to replace a boat before and was proud of himself for doing it. From that day forward, Sam held a special place in his heart for the green port.Once upon a time there was a family who wanted to go to the park. They were all very excited. They packed their lunch and counted what they had. There were five sandwiches. Everyone was very pleased. When they arrived it was fun. They played and ran and did a lot of exciting things. They even counted to twenty together! When it was time for lunch, they each had a sandwich and found a place to sit. Everyone was so happy and proud that they could count to twenty and still have five sandwiches left. After they finished lunch, they ran around some more and counted to thirty five. They were so excited to be together and spend the day counting and enjoying the park!Once upon a time there was a clean white rabbit. Every day the rabbit liked to hop in the nearby meadow. One day, the rabbit heard a voice coming from the meadow. He hopped closer and listened carefully. The rabbit heard a loud squealing from some baby pigs in the meadow. They were very upset and were making an awful racket. The rabbit heard one pig saying, I cant find my clean blanket. The rabbit knew that would make the pig very sad, so he hopped closer to help. He searched the meadow and soon he found the blanket inside a large bush. Quickly he ran over and presented the blanket to the pig. The pig was very happy to have his clean blanket back. The pig thanked the rabbit and they all hopped off together, happy to have solved the problem together. The End.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to climb trees in the park. One day, she climbed a tall tree and shouted, Look how high I am! Suddenly, she heard silence. She looked down and saw that her mom was gone. She was scared and started to cry. Mommy, where are you? she shouted. But then she heard a strong voice from below. It was her daddy! Im here, Lily. Dont worry, Ill help you down. And he did. From that day on, Lily always climbed trees with her daddy by her side.There once was a farmer who had a very modern crane. One day he was preparing to move some hay with the crane. But when he went to grab the hay, he noticed that another farmer was preparing to use their old crane to move the same hay. The two farmers got into a big argument about whose crane was better. The two farmers argued for a long time. Finally, the modern crane farmer said that since the old crane farmer had gotten to the hay first, the hay was his. The modern crane farmer knew that it was the right thing to do, even though he didnt get to use his crane this time. The moral of this story is that it is better to be flexible and think of others, even when it costs you something. In this case, the modern crane farmer showed kindness and humility, and ended up making the right decision.Once upon a time, there was a clumsy bear named Bob. Bob loved to take pictures of the flowers in the forest. One day, Bob saw a butterfly and tried to take its picture, but he was too clumsy and fell down. Suddenly, a fox appeared and wanted to take Bobs camera. Bob was scared, but he knew he had to be brave. He decided to surrender his camera to the fox. The fox took the camera and ran away. Bob was sad, but he knew he still had the memories of the flowers he had taken pictures of. From that day on, Bob learned to be more careful and never let go of his camera again. The end.Jimmy yawned and picked up his doll. He was so curious to see what it would do. Jimmy hugged the doll and squeezed it tight. The doll smiled and winked at him. Jimmy laughed and giggled as he played with it. He ran with it around the house, and made it dance. Jimmy was so happy and started to get a bit tired. He hugged the doll one more time, and gently put it back on the bed. Jimmy yawned, and then fell asleep, dreaming about his doll.Once upon a time there was a boy who wanted to explore the world. He put on his shoes, grabbed his backpack and headed out. As he walked, the fog started to roll in. It was incredible! He couldnt see anything in front of him. Suddenly, he heard a strange sound behind him. He spun around, but he couldnt see anything in the fog. He started to run, but the fog was so thick that he got lost. He stumbled around for hours until he finally dropped down to the ground, exhausted. He was never able to find his way out of the fog, and he never got to explore the world.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Emma. Emma loved to go on adventures. One day, Emma decided to visit her Aunt Kathys house. When she arrived at her Aunt Kathys house there was a charming porch on the front. Emma was so excited to play on the porch. She climbed up the stairs and explored every nook and corner. Then, she heard a voice. Hi Emma! said the voice. Who said that? asked Emma curiously. The voice said again, Its me, your Aunt Kathy! Im so happy youre here to visit. Im so glad you love the porch! Emma smiled and said, I love it! Its so charming and fun to explore! Aunt Kathy and Emma had a blast playing on the porch. They made memories that would last forever. The end.Once there was a tall boy called Jake. He was going for a walk in the park one day. As he was walking he noticed something shiny lying on the ground. He went up to it to have a closer look and he saw a shoe! Jake was very excited and he quickly grabbed the shoe. He put it on and although it was a bit too big it felt really comfy. Jake smiled as he walked around the park. He couldnt believe that he found such a nice shoe. He wore it all day and enjoyed every minute. At home his mum was impressed with the new shoe and she said shed help Jake to look for the other one. Together they went back to the park and sure enough, the other shoe was there too. Jake excitedly grabbed it and they were a perfect match! From then on Jake enjoyed wearing his new shoes and everyone said he looked very smart.Tom is a boy who likes to draw. He has many colors of mark pens. He draws on paper, on books, on walls. He draws cars, animals, flowers. He is happy when he draws. But his mom is not happy. She says, Tom, stop drawing on the walls! You make a mess. You have to clean it up. It is hard to take off the marks. You have to draw on paper only. Tom says, Sorry, mom. I like to draw. I will clean it up. He tries to clean the walls with a cloth. But the marks are hard to take off. He rubs and rubs. He is tired and hungry. Mom says, Tom, it is time for dinner. Come and eat. You can draw later. She makes dinner for Tom. She makes soup, bread, cheese, apple. Tom likes these foods. He says, Thank you, mom. This is a good dinner. Mom says, You are welcome, Tom. I am glad you like it. After dinner, you can draw on paper. I have a new book for you. It has many blank pages. You can draw anything you want. Tom says, Wow, mom. That is a great book. I will draw a picture for you. I will draw you and me and a big heart. I love you, mom. Mom says, I love you too, Tom. You are a good boy. You make me happy. She hugs Tom and kisses him. They smile and eat their dinner.Once upon a time, there was a happy monkey named Max. Max loved to sing and dance. He would sing all day long and make everyone around him happy. One day, Max found a big drum in the forest. He was so excited that he started playing it right away. The sound of the drum was loud and made Max feel even happier. As he was playing the drum, Max noticed that his friend, the bird, was feeling uncomfortable. The bird was shivering because it was cold outside. Max knew just what to do. He stopped playing the drum and hugged the bird to keep it warm. After a while, the bird stopped shivering and felt comfortable again. Max was happy to see his friend feeling better. He started singing a happy song to celebrate. The bird joined in and they sang and danced together all day long.Once upon a time there lived two neighbors. One neighbor, called Sarah, was very worried. Every day she spoke in a worried voice with her neighbor. One day her neighbor asked her, Why are you so worried? Sarah replied, I have no food to eat. Her neighbor said, Thats not good. I will help you. So the neighbor gave Sarah some food. Sarah was so happy. She thanked her neighbor and said, Now I dont have to be worried anymore. But then Sarah heard something. She looked out the window and saw a thief had broken into her neighbors house. She shouted, Help! We must get help! But it was too late. The thief had already taken the neighbors things and run away. Sarah was very sad. She had been so worried about food, but now she was even more worried about her neighbor.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play outside with his friends. One day, Timmy and his friends found a shiny copper penny on the ground. Timmy picked it up and held it up to the sun. Wow, its so clear! he said. Suddenly, Timmys mom came outside and started to yell for him to come inside for dinner. Timmy ran over to his mom and showed her the copper penny. Look, Mommy! I found a shiny penny! he said. His mom smiled and said, Thats great, Timmy. Lets go inside and eat now. Timmy put the copper penny in his pocket and followed his mom inside. He couldnt wait to show his shiny treasure to his dad when he got home from work.Once there was a little boy and he wanted to go for a walk. He had a wagon and he said, âœPlease wagon can you take me for a walk?â Then the wagon said, âœYes, I can take you for a walk.â And so the little boy and the wagon went for a walk. They walked through the park and saw lots of birds, bunnies and even squirrels. They also saw a thin stream which was wiggling gently. The little boy saw it and said, âœPlease wagon can I cross the stream?â Then the wagon said, âœYes, but be careful because the stream is very thin.â So the boy was very careful and stepped on a few stones to get across the stream. He made it safely and he and the wagon continued walking. They saw bigger and bigger animals while they walked, until they reached the end of their walk. Then the little boy said to the wagon, âœThank you for giving me a nice walk. Please wagon you can take me back home now.â The wagon said, âœYes, I will take you back home now.â And so the little boy and the wagon went back home.Once upon a time, there was a little girl. She was very happy and loved to dress up in colorful clothes. One day, she decided to go on an adventure. She put on her colorful dress and went outside. She walked for a long time until finally, she reached a magical oasis. She was filled with joy! The oasis was full of colorful plants and colorful birds. She had never seen such beauty before! The little girl was happy and danced around the oasis. She found a shallow pool with rainbow fish swimming in it. She stayed there to play, having the time of her life in her colorful dress. In the end, she said goodbye to the oasis and made a promise to come back soon. With a smile on her face and her colorful dress waving in the wind, she returned home.Once there was a little girl who liked to play. One day, she noticed that her brother was upset. She asked why he was feeling that way. Her brother said that he was upset because he didnt have enough food to eat. She thought about this and looked around the room. She noticed that there was some food in the cupboard. She ran to the cupboard and quickly made her brother a snack. He was so happy that he could have a snack. He smiled, feeling much better. The little girl was happy that she could make her brother happy by simply noticing that he was upset and helping him. She learned that day that it is important to always be kind and helpful, especially when our loved ones are in need.Once upon a time, there were two brothers. One was small, and the other was much bigger. The small brother always wanted to do things like his bigger brother, but he couldnt reach as high, or run as fast as him. One day, they were playing outside. The small brother said, I wish I could jump, like you! His big brother smiled and said I bet you can, if you try! The small brother was so excited, he tried and tried and he eventually jumped up and down, just like his big brother. He was so proud of himself. The big brother guesed, That was so great! If you keep taking small steps and practice, you can do anything you set your mind to! The small brother nodded and the brothers kept on playing, trying different things. The big brother was always there to help, and before they knew it, a whole minute had gone by. The two brothers had such a great time, and it showed them that with patience, practice and help from others, anything is possible.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to imagine things in her head, like flying on a dragon or swimming with mermaids. One day, her mom said they were going on a trip to the beach. Lily was so excited! She imagined building sandcastles and collecting seashells. But when they got to the beach, Lily didnt want to play in the sand. She was being stubborn and didnt want to have fun. Her mom tried to convince her to play, but Lily just sat there with her arms crossed. Then, her mom had an idea. She asked Lily to imagine that the sand was a big castle and they were the princesses who had to build it. Lilys imagination kicked in and she started to play. They had so much fun on their trip to the beach!Once upon a time, there was a big guard who looked after a castle. He was very tired from staying up all night. One day, a little mouse came to the castle and scared the guard. The guard was surprised and jumped up in the air. The mouse was very small and not scary at all, but the guard was still scared. The mouse went away and the guard felt better. From that day on, the guard made sure to get enough rest so that he wouldnt be scared by little mice anymore.Once upon a time, there was a little gray cat named Fluffy. Fluffy loved to play with her friends. One day, she saw her friends playing near the exit of her house. She wanted to join them. Fluffy ran to the exit and called out, Can I join you? Her friends said, Yes, Fluffy! Come and play with us! So Fluffy joined her friends outside. They played fun games like tag and hideandseek. After a while, it was time for Fluffy to go back inside. She said goodbye to her friends and went back through the exit. Fluffy was happy that she got to join her friends and play. She could not wait to do it again soon.Josh and his sister were playing in their yard. Josh was digging a deep hole in the ground while his sister was swinging on the swing. Joshs dad was watching them from the kitchen window. He was worried that Josh may hurt himself. He opened the door and stepped out into the yard. Dad Josh! Please rest. That hole is getting too deep! Josh But dad, it looks fun! Dad It may be fun, but its also very harsh. If you dont rest, you might get hurt. Josh listened to his dad and reluctantly stopped digging. He found a comfortable spot in the yard and laid down on the grass. His sister soon followed, lying down next to him. Dad smiled and watched as the two siblings enjoyed their rest in the yard. Josh and his sister were finally taking a break.Once upon a time, there was a little bird named Tweetie. Tweetie loved to fly high in the sky and see all the pretty flowers and trees. One day, Tweetie was flying when he saw a little girl named Lily. Lily was crying because she dropped her yogurt on the ground. Tweetie flew down to Lily and said, Dont cry, I can help you. Lily was so happy to have a helper. Tweetie picked up the yogurt with his beak and gave it to Lily. Lily was so grateful and said, Thank you, little bird. You are my hero. Tweetie felt happy that he could help someone in need. He flew away feeling proud and not so helpless anymore. From that day on, Tweetie knew that he could fly to help others whenever they needed it.Once upon a time, there was a little birdie. The birdie loved to fly in the sky and sing songs. One day, the birdie saw a big market. The market had many things to eat and the birdie got very happy. The birdie flew down to the market and saw a piece of bread. The bread was very rough, but the birdie was very hungry. The birdie ate the bread and felt very happy. After eating, the birdie flew away. But, the birdie did not know that the bread had poison in it. The poison spread in the birdies body and the little birdie fell down and died. The end.Once upon a time, there was a cool spider. She had made a cobweb in the garden. One day, she saw a little boy playing outside. She scuttled over and quietly said Hello. The boy smiled and said Hi back. Then, he asked if he could hug the spider. She was so surprised and said, Yes. So the little boy gave her a big squishy hug. She felt very happy, so she ran around the garden making cobwebs. Whenever the little boy came outside to play, she would scuttle to him and he would give her a big hug. They became best friends.Mild Bill was walking through the park when he started to feel hungry. He looked around and saw a bright blue label on a big tree. He went closer to read what it said, and saw that it was a label for a yummy apple. He couldnt reach it so he started to look for something to help him get the apple. He found a big stick and used it to pull the apple down. Mild Bill happily took the apple, smiled, and bit into it. The apple was so juicy and sweet! Mild Bill was so pleased he started to dance with joy. He thanked the tree for the yummy apple.Once upon a time, there was a soldier. He wore a big hat and a pink shirt. He was very brave and strong, but sometimes he felt scared. One day, the soldier was walking in the forest when he heard a loud noise. He looked around and saw a big bear! The soldier felt scared and didnt know what to do. Suddenly, he heard a little voice say, Dont be scared, soldier. I will comfort you. It was a little girl with a pink dress. She hugged the soldier and he felt better. The soldier and the little girl became friends and walked together in the forest. They saw many animals, but the soldier was not scared anymore. He knew that his new friend would always be there to comfort him.Once upon a time, there was a loyal dog named Spot. Spot liked to perform tricks for his family. He could sit, jump, and even dance. One day, Spots family was having a big party. Spot wanted to perform his tricks for everyone. At the party, Spot saw a shiny ashtray on the table. He thought it would be fun to use it in his tricks. Spots mom saw him looking at the ashtray and said, Be careful, Spot. That ashtray is fragile and could break. Spot wagged his tail and promised to be careful. During the party, Spot started to perform his tricks. He danced around the ashtray, making everyone laugh. But then, Spot accidentally bumped the table, and the ashtray fell. It broke into pieces. Spot felt sad and worried that his mom would be mad. Spots mom came over and said, Its okay, Spot. I know you didnt mean to break it. You are a loyal dog, and we love you. Spot felt happy again, and everyone clapped for his tricks. From that day on, Spot learned to be more careful when performing his tricks, and his family loved him even more.Once upon a time, there was a huge grape on the ground. It was so big that it looked like a small melon. Sam was a little boy, who was only three years old and loved grapes. He went to pick up the huge grape and imagine what it would taste like. Sam was about to take a bite when an old man stopped him. The old man told Sam he should not eat this grape. He said the grape was special, because it was meant to be made into a jar of wine. Sam was very curious but he knew he had to obey the old man. He put the grape down and looked away. The old man smiled and said that if everything went according to plan, they would be able to make a special kind of wine. Sam was confused and asked the old man what kind of wine that would be. The old man said it would be the kind you dont find anywhere elseand said it would be the best wine in the world. Little Sam was so curious that he could hardly wait to taste it. The old man smiled and said that if Sam was patient, he would eventually get to try the special wine. The old man put the grape into a jar and Sam said goodbye to the grape and went back home. The grape was transformed into a delicious jar of wine, and little Sam was very happy that he got to try it!Once upon a time, there was a3 year old girl called Amy. She loved to listen to jazz music. One day, Amy couldnt hear any jazz music. She was very sad. She asked her mom, Why cant I hear the happy music?â Her mom replied, The jazz music sounded so happy that it woke up the deaf bird in the forest. He was scared, so he flew away and promised never to come back. Amy was so sad that she started to cry. But then her mom said, Maybe we can wake up another deaf bird that will like jazz music!â Amy was happy and excited. She quickly ran out to the forest to look for another deaf bird. Later that day, Amy came back with a new friend! The little deaf bird was chirping happily along to the jazz music. Amy was so excited that she couldnt keep from dancing! From then on, she and the deaf bird danced to jazz music every day!Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to draw and cut paper with his scissors. One day, Timmys mom gave him a new pair of scissors. They were shiny and sharp, unlike his old, dirty ones. Timmy was very happy and hoped to make many new art projects with them. Timmys little sister, Lily, also liked to play with scissors. But she was too little and might hurt herself. So Timmy promised to always keep his scissors away from Lily. He hoped she would understand. One day, Timmys friend came over to play. They made paper airplanes and cut out pictures from magazines. But Timmys friend accidentally dropped the scissors on the ground and they got dirty. Timmy was sad, but he knew he could clean them and make them shiny again. He hoped his friend would be more careful next time. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little bunny named Benny. Benny loved to play outside in the sun. One day, the sky turned dark and it started to rain. Benny got scared and ran to his mommy. Mommy, Im scared, Benny said. Can we stay inside our shelter until the rain goes away? Of course, my little Benny, his mommy replied. Were ready for any kind of weather. As they sat inside their shelter, Bennys mommy told him a story about a little bird who didnt have a shelter and got very wet in the rain. Benny felt sad for the little bird and decided that he would share his shelter with any animals who needed it. From that day on, Benny always made sure his shelter was ready for anyone who needed it, even if it meant he had to stay inside with them. And thats how Benny learned that sharing is caring.Anna liked to read books. She had many books in her room. She read them every day. She read them on her bed, on her chair, on her floor. She read them with her toys, with her dolls, with her teddy. One day, Anna wanted to read a new book. She saw it on the shelf. It was big and colorful. It had a picture of a princess on the cover. Anna reached for the book. But it was too high. She could not get it. She tried to jump. She tried to climb. She tried to use a stool. But nothing worked. She was too small. She felt sad and angry. She wanted the book. She saw her brother Tom. He was big and tall. He could get the book. She asked him for help. Tom, can you please get me that book? she said. Tom looked at the book. He looked at Anna. He smiled. Sure, I can get you that book, he said. But what will you give me? Anna thought. She did not have much to give. She had her books, her toys, her dolls, her teddy. But she liked them all. She did not want to give them away. Nothing, she said. Just get me the book. It is easy for you. Tom shook his head. No, nothing is not enough, he said. If you want the book, you have to give me something. How about your mattress? It is soft and comfy. I want it. Anna gasped. My mattress? No, you cant have my mattress! she said. That is where I sleep. That is where I read. I need my mattress. Tom shrugged. Then you cant have the book, he said. It is too bad. It is a nice book. It has a princess and a dragon and a castle. I will read it myself. He reached for the book. He took it from the shelf. He walked away. Anna felt tears in her eyes. She wanted the book. She wanted to read it. She wanted to see the princess and the dragon and the castle. She did not want to give up her mattress. She did not know what to do. She ran after Tom. She grabbed his arm. She pulled the book. Give it back! Give it back! she shouted. Tom pulled back. He held the book. No, it is mine! It is mine! he shouted. They tugged and pulled. They yelled and cried. They made a lot of noise. Their mom heard them. She came to see what was wrong. She saw them fighting over the book. She saw the book tear. She saw the pages fall. She was not happy. She took the book from them. She scolded them. What are you doing? Why are you fighting? Why are you ruining the book? she said. Anna and Tom looked down. They felt sorry. They felt ashamed. They told their mom what happened. Their mom sighed. She hugged them. Anna, Tom, you are both wrong, she said. Books are not for fighting. Books are for sharing. Books are for learning. Books are for enjoying. You should not be greedy or mean. You should be kind and generous. You should help each other and respect each other. Do you understand? Anna and Tom nodded. They understood. They said sorry to each other. They said sorry to their mom. They said sorry to the book. Their mom smiled. She fixed the book. She gave it to them. Here, you can both read the book, she said. But you have to take turns. And you have to be careful. And you have to say thank you. Anna and Tom said thank you. They took turns. They were careful. They read the book. They saw the princess and the dragon and the castle. They liked the book. They liked each other. They were happy.Sam and Bob were good friends. One day, they wanted to go to the park. Bob said, We can go to the park now! Sam said, Yes, lets go. So they set off to the park. On the way, they met a judge. He was wearing a big black robe. The judge said, Where are you two going in such a hurry? Bob said, We are going to the park. The judge looked restless. He said, You must be careful. Dont forget to look both ways before you cross the road! Sam and Bob thanked him, and they went to the park. They had a great time playing, running, and laughing. And now when they go to the park, they always remember to look both ways before crossing the road!Tommy likes to play with his balloons. He has many balloons of different colors. He likes to blow them up and tie them to his stand. His stand is a big stick that he found in the park. He puts his stand in the ground and ties his balloons to it. One day, Tommy goes to the park with his mom and his stand. He blows up his balloons and ties them to his stand. He is very jolly. He likes to see his balloons dance in the wind. He likes to hear them make funny noises when he squeezes them. But then, a big dog comes to the park. The dog sees Tommys balloons and runs to them. The dog barks and jumps and tries to catch the balloons. Tommy is scared. He does not want the dog to pop his balloons. He runs to his stand and tries to hold his balloons. But the dog is faster and stronger. The dog pulls on the balloons and makes them fly away. Tommy is sad. He cries and cries. He does not have any balloons left. He only has his stand. His mom comes to him and hugs him. She tells him that it is okay. She tells him that they can get more balloons. She tells him that the dog did not mean to be bad. She tells him that the dog just wanted to play. Tommy stops crying. He looks at the sky and sees his balloons. They are very high and very far. He wonders where they will go. He wonders if they will make someone else jolly. He smiles and says bye to his balloons. He picks up his stand and goes home with his mom. He still likes to play with his balloons. But he also likes to play with his stand. And he likes to play with his mom. He is very jolly.Mandy was playing outside when she saw a caterpillar. She was very excited, but she thought it looked a bit filthy. Mandy wanted to pick it up and she asked her Dad if it would be okay. Dad said, no, Mandy, that caterpillar might be dangerous! Mandy was confused because it looked like a harmless bug. She asked, Why, Dad? Dad said, It might shoot something! Mandys eyes got very wide and she said, It can shoot something? What will it shoot? Dad said, It might shoot something yucky like dirt or mud at you. You dont want to be filthy, do you? Mandy shook her head no and said, No, I dont want to be filthy. I wont pick up the caterpillar. She backed away slowly and started playing somewhere else.Once upon a time, there was a young boy who had an incredible hat. Every day he would wear it, and everywhere he went, people would compliment him. But then one day, the boys hat tore apart. He was so sad, he didnt know what he would do. Just then, a magical fairy came down from the sky. She said, I can replace your hat. I have a very special one! The boy smiled, and said, Yes, please! The fairy waved her wand and suddenly the boy was wearing a sparkly new hat! He was so excited. He thanked the fairy and hugged her. The boy thanked the fairy again and ran off to show his friends his incredible new hat. He was so happy!Once upon a time, there was a little rabbit named Benny. Benny loved to play hide and seek with his friends. One day, he found a bulb in the ground and was very enthusiastic about it. Benny ran to his friend, the squirrel, and said, Look, look! I found a bulb! Its so pretty! The squirrel replied, Wow, thats great! Lets hide it so no one else takes it. Benny and the squirrel dug a little hole and placed the bulb inside. They covered it up with dirt and leaves, and then Benny said, Lets play hide and seek now! They played for hours, but Benny couldnt stop thinking about the bulb. When the game was over, he ran back to the spot where they had hidden it. To his delight, he saw that it had started to grow! Benny was so enthusiastic about his new plant, and he knew he would always treasure it.Once upon a time there was a little boy called Joe who was very troubled. He liked to wander out of his garden and explore the world around him. One day Joe stepped outside and saw a mysterious mist in the air. It was strange and he didnt want to get too close. He heard voices coming from inside the mist, so he decided to take a closer look. As he stepped toward the mist, two figures suddenly appeared out of it. They were two ladies and they both started to stare at him. Joe was so scared he wanted to cry. The ladies asked Joe why he looked so troubled. Joe told them he was worried about the mist. The ladies smiled and told him it was nothing to worry about. They said it was just the fog and the mist was just a part of the morning. Joe felt so much better knowing what the mist was and he thanked them for the explanation. The ladies smiled and said goodbye before walking back into the mist. Joe stared at the mist for a while and finally felt peaceful. As he walked back home, the troubled feeling had gone away.Once, there was a little girl named Jane. She wanted to find something special. So one day, she decided to go to the jungle to find it. As Jane was walking and exploring the jungle, she suddenly saw something white. She was very excited and ran towards it. It was a white rabbit! Jane spoke to it and asked, Whats your name? The white rabbit said, My name is Bunny. Jane was so happy to meet Bunny. But suddenly, a big scary lion came out of the jungle and started chasing Jane and Bunny. They ran as fast as they could to get away from the lion. But it was too late. The lion was much faster and caught up to them. He roared loudly and ate Jane and Bunny. The end.Once upon a time there was a family named Bob. Bob and his family lived in a little house surrounded by a garden with all sorts of flowers. One day Bob was walking around the garden when he noticed something strange. He smelled something smelly! He followed his nose and he found a string that was leading somewhere in the garden. He followed the smelly string and eventually found a big pile of rotten fruit. He knew that the smelly string had something to do with the rotten fruit! Bob asked his family to gather around the garden and he mentioned that he had discovered the rotten fruit and asked them what to do about it. His family had an idea, they would bring their little puppy, Daisy. Daisy could sniff out the smelly string and the family could follow the string until they found the source of all the smelly rotten fruit. Thats what the family did! Daisy followed the smelly string until everyone was led to a fruit tree. Together the family was able to pick and clean the rotten fruit and share the healthy delicious fruit with their neighbours. Everyone was happy!Once upon a time, there was a small bunny named Peter. Peter loved hopping around the garden and exploring. One day, Peter saw a wooden board in the bushes. He got closer to inspect it and noticed it was extra long, shiny and polished. He decided he wanted to hop on it so he hopped on it. This board is comfortable, he thought to himself, feeling the wood on his little feet. But then, Peter noticed something. The board was actually quite slippery! He hopped off and there, Peter could see the board was actually placed over a stream. Peter was scared to hop back on the board, but then he noticed the stream was so sparkly and pretty that he decided to give it a go. He took one big hop and before he knew it, he was making it across the stream and onto the other side. That wasnt so uncomfortable after all! he said happily. Since then, Peter had made it his mission to hop on every shiny board he could find, learning to always be brave and never give up.Lily and Tom are friends. They like to play in the park. They see a big slide. They want to go on the slide. Lets rush to the slide! Lily says. It looks like fun! OK! Tom says. They run to the slide. They are fast. They pass by other kids. They get to the slide first. They take turns to go on the slide. Lily goes first. She sits on the slide. She slides down. She laughs. She feels happy. Wow, that was fun! Lily says. Your turn, Tom! Tom goes next. He sits on the slide. He slides down. He smiles. He feels happy. Wow, that was fun! Tom says. Lets go again! They go on the slide again and again. They have fun. They are not small on the slide. They are big and brave. They love the slide.Once upon a time, there was a nice man. He went to his friends house to borrow something. His friend was very nice and let him borrow some food. When the man opened the food he noticed it was smelly. He thought it was not very nice, so he decided not to eat it. The man took the food back to his friends house and returned it. His friend thanked him for bringing it back. The man was happy he had done the right thing and thanked his friend for letting him borrow the food. His friend smiled and said that he was always welcome to borrow anything he needed. The man walked away with a big smile, feeling proud of himself for doing the right thing.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim was a very impatient boy. One day, he found a big box in his room. He was very excited and wanted to know what was inside the box. Tim called his friend, Sam, and said, Sam, I found a big box in my room. Lets open it together! Sam came to Tims house and they both tried to open the box. But the box was very hard to open. They pulled and pulled, but it just wouldnt open. Finally, Tim had an idea. He said, Lets shake the box and see what happens! They shook the box very hard. Suddenly, the box opened, but it was full of bees! The bees were very angry and started to sting Tim and Sam. They both cried and ran away from the bees. They learned that being impatient can sometimes lead to bad things.Once upon a time, there lived an old woman who had a special screw. Every day the old woman would take out the screw and look at it. One day, she was talking to a 3 year old child who asked her why she looked at the screw all the time. The old woman smiled and said I am looking at this screw because it has the power to change things. You see, if I use it in the right way, I can make new things from old things! The 3 year old child was very interested, so the old woman asked the child to help her. Together, they changed an old piece of wood into a beautiful birdhouse. The old woman thanked the child for all their help. Then she asked the child to help her take care of the new birdhouse, so that it always stayed as new and beautiful as it was. The 3 year old and the old woman smiled and went on with their day. And whenever they needed a change, they went back to the old womans special screw.Once upon a time there was a little girl called Jess. Jess was three years old and very excited! She had just been playing in the garden and was now looking for something else to do. Suddenly, she realized that she hadnt been inside the house for a while. With butterflies in her tummy, Jess slowly opened the front door and crept inside. Jess looked all around. She noticed the beautiful curtains and way up high, a lock! Jess went to have a closer look. There was something special about this lock and Jess knew she had to find out what it was for. Jess watched carefully as her dad took a key out of his pocket and unlocked the door. A whoosh of cool air blew past Jess. It was so nice and calm inside. Then Jess realized what the lock was for it was to keep her safe while she slept! Jess smiled and gave the lock a hug. She knew that she would always be safe and secure if she had a lock like this.Tim and Sam love to play with their toy trains. They have many trains of different colors and sizes. They like to make tracks on the floor and pretend they are driving the trains. One day, Tim and Sam find a big box in the garage. It has a picture of a train on it. They open the box and see a shiny new train. It is red and black and has a big engine. It also has a remote control that can make the train go fast or slow, or make sounds. Tim and Sam are very happy. They take the train and the remote control to the living room. They clear some space on the floor and set up the train on a track. They turn on the remote control and press a button. The train starts to move. It makes a loud whistle sound and a puff of smoke. Tim and Sam laugh and clap. They take turns driving the train. They make it go around the track, over a bridge, and through a tunnel. They make it stop and start, and change directions. They have a lot of fun. But then, the train starts to slow down. It makes a weak sound and stops. Tim and Sam look at the remote control. It has a red light that says low battery. They need to supply more power to the train. They look for more batteries, but they cannot find any. They are sad. They decide to play with their other trains. They put the new train on a shelf and take out their old trains. They make new tracks and drive their old trains. They are quiet, but they still have fun. They hope they can find more batteries soon and play with their new train again. They love their trains.Once upon a time, there was a very furry little cat. It was white, grey and black all mixed together and it loved to play outdoors. One day, the furry little cat was out chasing its favourite butterfly, when it suddenly heard a loud noise. It was a crane coming down from a very tall tree! The furry little cat was scared and ran away in a hurry. But then the crane started to strike the ground with its big beak. It looked so strong and fierce, but then it went back to the tree again. The furry little cat was so relieved that it was safe. From then on, it always stayed a bit further away from the big crane that stayed in the tree.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy liked to build things with his tools. One day, Timmys dad gave him a rare tool to use. Timmy was very happy and said thank you to his dad. Timmy wanted to build a big tower with his new tool, but he didnt know how to use it. He asked his dad for help, and his dad showed him how to use the tool. Timmy then made a request to his dad, asking if they could build the tower together. Timmy and his dad worked together and used the rare tool to build the biggest tower they had ever seen. Timmy was so proud of himself and his dad. He said thank you to his dad again and they both smiled. From that day on, Timmy loved using his rare tool to build things with his dad.Tom and Sam are brothers. They share a room. Tom likes to keep his toys tidy. Sam likes to make a mess. One day, Tom sees that his favorite car is missing. He looks under the bed, in the closet, and in the drawers. He cannot find it. He goes to Sam and asks, Sam, did you take my car? Sam shakes his head and says, No, I did not. I do not like your car. It is too small and red. Tom does not believe him. He thinks Sam is a thief and a liar. He says, You are a thief and a liar. You took my car and hid it somewhere. Give it back to me now! Sam gets angry and says, I am not a thief and a liar. You are a mean and bossy brother. Go away and leave me alone! They start to fight and push each other. Their mom hears the noise and comes to their room. She sees the mess and the boys fighting. She is not happy. She says, Stop it, both of you! What is going on here? Tom and Sam stop fighting and look at their mom. They both say, He started it! Their mom says, I do not care who started it. I want you to stop it and say sorry to each other. And I want you to tidy up this room. Now! Tom and Sam say sorry to each other. They do not really mean it, but they do not want to make their mom more angry. They start to tidy up the room. As they do, Tom finds his car under a pillow. He says, Look, I found my car! Sam, you did take it! Sam says, No, I did not. I do not know how it got there. Maybe it was a magic car that moved by itself. Tom says, Yeah, right. That is a silly story. You are still a liar. Sam says, No, I am not. You are still a meanie. They start to argue again. Their mom hears them and says, Enough! No more fighting and no more lying. If you want to keep your toys, you have to share them and take care of them. And you have to be nice to each other. Do you understand? Tom and Sam nod and say, Yes, mom. They finish tidying up the room. They put their toys in their places. They decide to play with the car together. They take turns and make vroomvroom sounds. They have fun. They forget about being angry. They are brothers.Once upon a time, there was a kind and generous girl named Lily. She loved to sing and make others happy. One day, she went to the store with her mom and saw a long line of people waiting to buy food. Lily noticed that some people looked sad and hungry. She decided to sing a song to make them feel better. As she sang, the line started to move faster and people began to smile. When it was finally her turn to buy food, the store owner was so grateful for her kindness that he gave her extra food for free. Lily learned that being generous and kind can make a big difference in someones day.The little girl played with her friends in the park. They were having lots of fun. Suddenly they heard a noise coming from the lake. It was a dog. The dog was stuck in the lake and crying for help. The little girl was very brave and creative. She had an idea. She ran to the nearby playground and grabbed a club. She ran back to the lake and used the club to rescue the dog. The little girl and her friends were very happy that the dog was safe. They hugged it and the dog licked their faces as a sign of gratefulness. The girls were so proud of the little girl for being so brave and creative. The rescue of the dog became a wonderful memory they would always remember.Once upon a time a little girl called True was playing in her garden. She saw a big, dangerous bee. It frightened her and she ran away. True was so scared that she quickly went inside her house and told her mommy about the bee. Her mommy knew how to keep True safe. She gently reminded True that if she saw any more dangerous bees, she should just stay away from them and tell an adult. True nodded her head and promised to tell her mommy if she ever saw one again. On the way back to her garden, True was reminded by her mommy to stay away from any dangerous things. True was brave and ran into the garden, knowing that she was safe. True was reminded to be careful and to never forget her mommys advice. True looked around the garden, but she never saw a dangerous bee again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Emma who had a very special toy. It was a pretty doll that she loved to carry around with her wherever she went. One day, Emma took her doll outside to show it to all of her friends. She was so proud of it that she decided to point it out to them. When she pointed it out, her friend Lily noticed something very special about the doll. It was wearing the latest fashion! Lily was so excited, she started screaming and pointing at the doll. Everyone was amazed by the dolls style. But then, things started to get a bit more complicated. Another one of Emmas friends, Sam, became very upset when he saw the doll. He didnt like the way it was dressed. He said it wasnt fashionable enough and that it should be changed. Emma was very upset. She had spent a lot of time picking out the perfect dress for her doll and now Sam was telling her it was wrong. She knew that her dolls fashion was just perfect and she didnt want to change it. So, Emma decided to stand up for her fashion. She politely told Sam that she didnt want to change her doll and that it was the perfect fashion for her. Her friends all agreed that the doll was dressed just right and ever since then, Emma has been very proud to show off her doll!One morning, Kim looked at the clock and asked a funny question, Why isnt it night time?. Kims mom laughed and said that it was too early for night time and that the clock said it was morning. Confused, Kim asked, How does the clock know? Her mom said that there were numbers on the clock and the numbers tell you if its morning, afternoon, or night. Kim thought about this for a minute and asked another funny question, Do the numbers move?. Mom said yes, that the numbers were like a boat on the sea and when the sea moved the boat moved too. Kim asked, Do I move the clock? and her mom said no, the hour and minute hands took care of it. Kim thought this was really funny and had to tell her friends all about it! She was very proud of her new knowledge about the clock.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Emma who was very scared of the lab. Every time she had to go to the lab she would get very worried. One day, her mom said to her, Why dont we try something different to help you get over your fear? Lets go for a jog together! So Emma and her mom went jogging around the block. Emma loved running and it made her feel much better. When they were done, Emmas mom asked her how she felt about going to the lab the next day. Emma thought for a bit and then said, I think I can go! Im still a bit scared, but I think if I just keep jogging it will help me be brave enough to go to the lab. Sure enough, the next day Emma and her mom jogged around the block again, and then Emma was brave enough to go to the lab. The moral of the story is that if you feel scared, the best thing to do is to try something new and practice doing it until you feel better!One sunny morning, Molly was playing outside with her toy airplane. The plane was red and shiny, and she made it fly around in the sky. Mollys mom saw her daughter playing and brought her a cup of cold juice. Molly said âœThanks mommy!â Mollys mom smiled and said âœYouâre welcome, honey! Would you like to play a game? Letâs see if you can fly the plane and put the cups in an organized line. Molly nodded and began flying the plane. She flew it over the cups and put them in a neat row. Molly was so proud of herself. She flew the plane one more time and shouted âœLook, mommy! I did it!â Mollyâs mom hugged her daughter and said âœYouâre so organized! Iâm so proud of you!âJohn looked out of the open window and saw the rain falling. He felt sad because he couldnt go outside and play. His mom saw this and said, Why dont we stretch our bodies? John smiled and said, Yes! So, they both put on their warm clothes and opened the door. The cold rain hit their faces and they both began to stretch. They reached up to the sky with their hands and toes pointed to the ground. After they had finished their stretching, Johns mom said, Lets go inside, Im getting wet! John laughed and said, OK. Next time, can we stretch when its sunny? His mom smiled and said, Sure thing!One day, a brave little girl was sliding down the hill. Her arms were wide and she had a big smile on her face. Suddenly, her mom shouted from up the hill. Be careful! Watch out for the tree! But it was too late. The brave little girl crashed into the tree and she yelped as she felt a sharp pain. Her mom arrived at the tree and touched the girls arm gently. Are you okay, my brave one? The brave little girl shook her head sadly and tears welled up in her eyes. Her mom hugged her tightly and said, Lets go home and have some tea. That will make you feel better. The brave little girl nodded and followed her mom, but deep inside she knew that nothing could make her feel better. With a heavy heart, she limped home with her mom.Once upon a time, there was a carpenter called Jack who had a special screw. He needed to perfect it, so he could use it for his job. One day, Jack went to his friend Johns house to show him the screw. Jack asked, Can you help me perfect it? John nodded and said, Sure! I have just the tool you need. He retrieved a file and started to work on the screw. He was very careful, filing away until the screw looked perfect. Suddenly, he handed the screw back to Jack and said, Its ready to go. Im sure it will pass the test! Jack thanked John and took the perfect screw back home. He was so happy that his special screw was now perfect. The End.Once upon a time there was a sweet little girl named Lucy. She was three years old. Lucy had a very special request. She wanted the biggest, most yummy pass ever. So her mom took her on a long and exciting adventure. She traveled to a magical place where all of your sweetest wishes come true. When Lucy arrived, she saw a beautiful big rainbow pass in the sky. She desperately wanted to take it and accept it as her own. But the magical place only granted wishes to those who were really, really brave. So Lucy had to take a deep breath, close her eyes and reach up with one hand to take the magical pass. Finally, she had the sweetest, yummiest pass ever. Lucy was so proud of herself and couldnt help but smile. She had successfully accepted her own wish!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Anna. She had a doll that she loved very much. The doll had a pretty dress and big, blue eyes. Anna took her doll with her everywhere she went. She played with her doll every day. One day, Annas doll started to look dull. The pretty dress was not as bright as before. The big, blue eyes did not shine like they used to. Anna started to feel sad. She wanted her doll to be pretty again. Annas mom saw her feel sad and had an idea. She helped Anna wash the dolls pretty dress and clean the big, blue eyes. Soon, the doll looked pretty again. Anna was so happy to see her doll bright and pretty. She hugged her doll and played with her all day long.Once upon a time, there was a little bird who loved to sing. Every day, the bird would fly around and sing happy songs. The bird had a friend, a dull gray mouse, who liked to listen to the birds songs. One day, while the bird was singing, the mouse found a shape on the ground. It was a big, round shape. The mouse was very excited and showed the shape to the bird. The bird stopped singing and looked at the shape, too. Together, the bird and the mouse played with the shape. They rolled it around and had lots of fun. Then, the bird started to sing a new song about the shape. The mouse danced to the song, and they both had a great day.Once upon a time, there was a bunny named Benny. Benny was very playful and loved to hop around all day. One day, Bennys friend, a squirrel named Sammy, came to play with him. Hey Benny, do you want to play with my ball? asked Sammy. Sure! replied Benny, excitedly. I love to bounce! Sammy and Benny played with the ball for a while until it accidentally bounced into a pile of salt. Benny didnt notice the salt and picked up the ball, getting salt all over his paws. Oh no, my paws are all salty! cried Benny. Dont worry, I know how to fix it, said Sammy. Lets go to the pond and wash them off. Benny and Sammy went to the pond and washed off the salt. From then on, they made sure to be careful where they played with their ball.Once there was a little boy named Tom. Tom was very creative. He liked to use his imagination and come up with interesting things. One day Tom got very worried because he had lost his towel. He searched high and low, but couldnt seem to find it. He was so worried and tried not to cry. Suddenly Tom had a creative idea. He decided he could make a new one. He went to the kitchen and got a cloth. He called his mom for help and together they cut out the cloth into the shape of a towel. They added some paint, buttons and other decorations to make it even more creative. Tom was so happy when his mom was finished. Now he had a special, brand new towel! He was no longer worried and he was so proud of his creation. He never forgot how he solved his problem with his own creativity.Tim and Jen are friends. They like to play with blocks. They make a tall tower with the blocks. They are happy. Look at our tower! Tim says. It is so tall! Yes, it is! Jen says. We are good at making towers! But then, a big dog comes. The dog is black and white. The dog likes to run and jump. The dog sees the tower. The dog wants to play. Whoof! the dog says. What is this? The dog runs to the tower. The dog jumps on the tower. The tower falls down. The blocks go everywhere. Tim and Jen are sad. Bad dog! Tim says. You broke our tower! Go away! Jen says. You are not nice! The dog is sorry. The dog does not want to make Tim and Jen sad. The dog wags his tail. The dog gives Tim and Jen a lick. The dog winks at them. I am sorry, the dog says. I did not know. I just wanted to play. Tim and Jen look at the dog. The dog looks cute. Tim and Jen are not sad anymore. They smile. It is okay, Tim says. We can make another tower. Yes, we can, Jen says. But first, let us play with you. Tim and Jen hug the dog. The dog is happy. They play together. They have fun. They finish playing. They are friends.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a gift from her mom, a shiny new bike. Lily loved her bike so much that she rode it everywhere she went. One day, while she was riding her bike, she fell into a big puddle of mud and got all dirty. Lilys mom saw her and said, Oh no, Lily! You got all dirty! We need to clean you up. Lily replied, But mom, I dont want to clean up. I want to ride my bike. Her mom said, You can ride your bike after we clean you up. It wont take long. After Lily got cleaned up, she went back to riding her bike. Her dad came out and asked, Lily, what are you doing? Lily said, Im riding my bike. I love my bike. Her dad replied, Thats great, Lily. But dont forget to study for your school tomorrow. Lily said, Okay, dad. I will study after Im done riding my bike. And she rode off into the sunset, happy and carefree.Mommy had a plan. She needed a new mop. Her old mop was tough and no longer worked very well. Together Mommy and Jack, a 3yearold boy, went to the store. Jack saw lots of mops. He found a bright blue mop! It was fluffy and soft. He smiled and pointed to it. Mommy agreed and brought it home. She and Jack worked together to use the mop. First, Mommy showed him how to swish it back and forth. Then, Jack tried it all by himself. His swishes were a little tough, but Mommy praised him for doing such a good job. Before they knew it, their old floor was clean and shiny. Jack felt proud of his accomplishment and clapped his hands in delight. Mommy hugged him, happy with their plan.Once there was a shy girl named Bella. She loved to look in the mail box every day. One day she found a special surprise. Inside were two toy soldiers. They were from a faraway war. She was so excited. Bella took the soldiers outside to play. She pretended the soldiers were having their own war. Bella made them talk to each other and march back and forth across her grass. When Bella was done playing, she carefully put the soldiers back in the mail. She wanted to make sure they would get back to the war they had come from. Bella smiled and waved goodbye to the soldiers. She had had so much fun. She would never forget the surprise they had brought her.Susie was a three year old girl who lived in a big city. One weekend, Susies mom took her to the park. As they walked, Susie noticed an ordinary cactus by the pond. Susie was so excited and shouted, Mom, look! Its a cactus! Can I touch it? Susies mom said, Be careful, Susie. Cactuses have spikes so dont touch it with your hands. Susie leaned in closer to take a better look. She felt brave and touched the cactus with her finger. It felt prickly, but not too bad. Susie smiled and said, It doesnt feel too bad! Can we take it home? Susies mom said, No, sorry Susie. We should leave it here for now. Susie nodded and said, Ok, Mommy. Lets go! Susie smiled as she held her moms hand and walked back home. She felt happy knowing that the ordinary cactus was still in the park.Once upon a time, there was a little bird named Tweety. Tweety had a nest in a big tree. One day, Tweety went out to find some food for her babies. While she was gone, a big fire started in the forest. The fire was so hot that it burned the tree where Tweetys nest was. When Tweety came back, she saw that her nest was gone. She was troubled and sad. She asked her bird friend, Where is my nest? Her friend said, I am sorry, but it burned in the fire. Tweety was very sad, but her friend helped her find a new place to make a nest. They found a nice tree with lots of leaves. Tweety was happy again and she made a new nest. She said to her friend, Thank you for helping me. Now, my babies have a new home.Anna and Ben are friends. They like to play together. They have many toys, but their favorite is a big box. They can make the box into anything they want. One day, they decide to make the box into a spaceship. They use crayons to draw windows and buttons on the box. They find some old clothes and hats to wear as space suits. They pretend to fly to the moon and the stars. Wow, this is so fun! Anna says. I like our spaceship. It is very useful. We can go anywhere we want. I like it too, Ben says. You are very good at drawing. I admire your pictures. They look real. Thank you, Anna says. You are very good at flying. I admire your skills. You are very brave. They smile at each other. They are happy. They play with their spaceship for a long time. They have a lot of adventures. They are the best space friends.Lily was out at the park with her parents on a sunny day. Her daddy was throwing a frisbee for her to catch. Suddenly, he shouted Lily, look up! She looked up, and saw a large bird with a gray body flying above her. It had a big heart on its chest. Lily exclaimed Look, Mommy! What is it? Her mother replied It is a lovebird. It is very rare! Lily said I want it! Lilys father then said Dont worry, I wont let it get away. Get ready! He took out a gun and shot the air. The lovebird flew away, scared. Lily was sad and started to cry. She said I wanted the bird! I wanted to keep it! Her mother said Sometimes, it is better to let things go. It is for their own good Lily understood and said I wont make the same mistake again. I know now the best thing to do is to help my friends fly! Lilys happy parents hugged her in joy. They were happy that Lily had learned a valuable lesson.Tom and Lily are in school. They like to play with their friends. Today, they have a new game. They have a big blackboard and some chalk. They draw fish and sharks and crabs on the blackboard. They pretend they are in the sea. Tom is a fish. He swims fast and makes bubbles. Lily is a shark. She chases Tom and tries to catch him. She is hungry. She shows her teeth and growls. Tom is scared. He looks for a place to hide. He sees a fat crab on the blackboard. The crab has big claws and a hard shell. Tom thinks the crab can help him. He dives to the blackboard and says, Hello, crab. Can I hide with you? Lily is a shark and she wants to eat me. The crab is not happy. He says, Go away, fish. This is my home. You are too big and you make too much noise. You will scare away my food. Find another place to hide. Tom is sad. He has no friends. He swims away from the crab. He hopes Lily will not find him. He wishes he had a friend like Lily.Once upon a time, there was a king who lived in a big castle. The king liked to wear cheap clothes because he wanted to save money. He wore a cheap hat, cheap shoes, and a cheap coat. The king was very happy in his cheap clothes. One day, the king went for a walk in the forest. He saw a big tree and wanted to poke it. As he poked the tree, a tiny bug came out. The bug looked at the king and said, Why did you poke my home? The king said, Im sorry, little bug. I didnt know it was your home. I just wanted to poke the tree. The bug forgave the king, and they became friends. From that day on, the king never poked a tree without first checking if someone lived there.Once there was a boy named Bob. He wanted to spoil himself so he went to the store and bought a peanut. He was so excited to eat it. When he opened it, the peanut was very rough. It was so rough that he couldnt eat it. Bob was so sad but then he had an idea. He took the peanut outside and threw it on the ground. Then something amazing happened. There were lots of other peanuts in the ground. The ground was full of peanuts! Bob was so excited. He began picking them up and eating them. He was so happy that spoiling himself was so easy and delicious. Bob spent the whole day enjoying the peanuts and spoiling himself. It was the best day ever!Lilly was walking in a big, beautiful park with her mom. She saw a little bird and wanted to follow it. So she asked, Mom, can I follow the bird? Her mom smiled and said, Yes, Lilly. Keep your eyes on the bird and follow where it goes. Lilly did as her mom said and followed the bird. The bird flew up into the sky and Lillys eyes got big and wide as she looked up into the fancy sky. The bird flew around and around, and Lilly kept her eyes on it as it flew higher and higher. But then the bird flew away and Lilly had to stop following it. Lilly was sad and said, Mom, can I follow the bird again? Her mom said, No, Lilly, the bird has gone now. But we can look for another bird in the park and you can follow it instead. And so Lilly looked around and eventually found another bird to follow. She followed it around the big, beautiful park with a big smile on her face.Once upon a time, a girl named Lucy found a rare, big pumpkin in her garden. She was very happy. She ran to her mom and said, Look, Mom! I found a big pumpkin! Mom smiled and said, Wow! That is a rare pumpkin! Lets cook it and make a yummy treat. Lucy and her mom went to the kitchen to cook the pumpkin. They cut the pumpkin and took out the seeds. They cooked the pumpkin in a big pot. Then, they made pumpkin pie. Lucy and her mom ate the pie, and it was so yummy. They were very happy they found the rare pumpkin.Once there was a famous trumpet. It was a special instrument that made wonderful sounds. One day a little bug decided to crawl onto the trumpet. The bug wasnt paying attention and quickly got stuck on the trumpet! It was in a tight spot and it couldnt move away. The trumpet wasnt happy about the bug and it tried to blow the bug away with a loud noise. But the bug wouldnt budge! The bug was determined to stay on the trumpet. The trumpet was frustrated and tried over and over again to blow the bug away. Finally, the bug was so scared that it ran away from the trumpet and back outside. The bug was safe, but the trumpet was still famous for its beautiful sound.Once upon a time there was a little boy. He was three years old and he liked to sit on the porch. One day he saw a lady walking by the house. She was wearing a big hat. The little boy said hello. The lady smiled and said hello there. The little boy asked the lady if he could sit with her. The lady said sure, you can sit here. The little boy sat with the lady and they talked. The lady told him stories and they laughed together. It was nice. But then the little boy did something bad. He threw dirt at the lady. She was very angry. She asked him why he did something so bad. The little boy said he was sorry. He promised to never do it again. The lady smiled and said it was alright. She said she forgave him and they continued to sit together and talk. The little boy learned that it was wrong to do bad things.Once upon a time there was a player who really wanted to play. She was so eager to try out a new game. She picked up the game pieces and made a few moves. Suddenly the player made a mistake, and the pieces all fell down. The player was very sad, and felt like she had made a big mistake. She didnt know if she would ever be able to fix it. Just then, a gentle voice said, You can always try again. Everything can be forgiven. The player looked up and saw a kind old lady. She looked so friendly and wise. The player smiled and thanked the old lady. She was so happy to have a chance to try again. She knew she could do it this time. The player began to play the game again. She was so eager to get it right and learn from her mistake. In the end, she won the game! The player was so proud of herself. She was thankful for the kind old lady and her wise words of forgiveness.Lily and Ben were playing in the backyard. They liked to pretend they were animals and make noises. Lily was a cat and Ben was a dog. They chased each other around the grass and the trees. Meow, meow, Im a cat! Lily said. Woof, woof, Im a dog! Ben said. They ran and jumped and had fun. But then they saw something big and black and shiny. It was the grill. Dad used it to cook food sometimes. It had a lid and a handle and wheels. Lily and Ben were curious. They wanted to see what was inside. They walked closer to the grill. They heard a hiss and a sizzle. They smelled something good. They saw smoke coming out of the lid. They wondered what Dad was cooking. Lets look inside! Ben said. OK! Lily said. They reached for the handle. But then they heard a loud voice. Hey, kids, stay away from the grill! Its hot and dangerous! Dad said. Lily and Ben were fearful. They let go of the handle. They felt the heat from the grill. They saw Dad coming towards them. They did not want to get in trouble. They turned around and ran away. But they did not run fast enough. Dad caught them by their shirts. He lifted them up and hugged them. Im sorry, Dad, we were just curious, Ben said. We didnt mean to touch the grill, Lily said. I know, I know, but you have to be careful. The grill can burn you and hurt you. You have to stay away from it when Im cooking. OK? Dad said. OK, Dad, were sorry, Lily and Ben said. Dad smiled and kissed them. He put them down and held their hands. He led them to the picnic table. He showed them what he was cooking. It was burgers and hot dogs and corn. It looked yummy. Here, you can have some of these. Theyre not hot anymore. Theyre just right. But remember, never touch the grill. Its not a toy. Its a tool. OK? Dad said. OK, Dad, we understand. Thank you for the food. It smells good. Can we still play animals? Lily and Ben said. Sure, you can play animals. But only on the grass and the trees. Not near the grill. And be nice to each other. Cats and dogs can be friends. OK? Dad said. OK, Dad, we will. We love you. Youre the best, Lily and Ben said. They hugged Dad and took their plates. They ate their food and enjoyed it. They were happy. They went back to playing animals. They crawled and barked and meowed. They were careful and safe. They had fun.Once there was a smart little rabbit. He loved to dance. Every day he would go out into the meadow and dance to the sound of the birds singing. He was so happy and proud of himself when he danced. One day, he met a little squirrel who wanted to join in. The rabbit was so excited that someone else wanted to dance with him. They danced together around the meadow, jumping and spinning and twirling. The rabbit was so excited to have a friend to dance with now. But then he had a great idea. He said to the little squirrel, âœLetâs have a dance competition! Whoever can dance the best will get a special reward.â The little squirrel was so excited at the thought of a reward, so they started to practice. The rabbit was getting better and better at his dancing and the little squirrel was too. Finally, they had their competition and they both danced so well that they both got a reward. They had danced so well that they both felt like they had won. And from then on, they were the smartest, best dancers in the whole meadow.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a favorite toy, a teddy bear. One day, she lost her teddy bear and couldnt find it anywhere. She asked her mommy and daddy if they knew where it was, but they didnt know. Lily was very sad and went to her room. She looked under her bed and in her closet, but her teddy bear was nowhere to be found. She felt empty without her teddy bear. Suddenly, she heard a voice coming from her toy box. I know where your teddy bear is, said the voice. It was her toy clown. Where is he? asked Lily. Hes in the closet, said the clown. Lily ran to the closet and found her teddy bear. She was so happy and hugged him tightly. But then, the closet door closed on her and she couldnt get out. She was stuck inside and no one knew where she was. It was true that the clown knew where her teddy bear was, but it was also true that the closet was a dangerous place to play.Once upon a time, in a big garden, there was a little flower. The little flower was very worried. It wanted to bloom, but it was scared. One day, a kind guard came to the garden. The guard saw the worried flower and asked, Why are you so worried, little flower? The little flower said, I want to bloom, but I am scared. The guard smiled and said, Dont be scared, little flower. I will help you. The guard gave the flower some water and talked to it every day. Soon, the little flower started to feel better. One sunny day, the little flower bloomed. It was so happy! The guard was happy too. They both knew that with a little help and love, anything is possible. And from that day on, the little flower was never worried again.Anna and Ben like to play in the park. They see a big truck with many branches on it. The truck is loud and strong. The truck driver is nice. He says, Hello, kids. Do you want to help me load the branches? Anna and Ben nod and smile. They run to the truck and pick up some branches. The branches are brown and green. Some are long and some are short. Some are hard and some are soft. Anna and Ben carry the branches to the truck and put them on it. They work hard and have fun. The truck driver says, Thank you, kids. You are very helpful. Do you want a ride in the truck? Anna and Ben say, Yes, please! They climb into the truck and sit next to the driver. The driver starts the truck and drives away. The truck makes a big noise. Anna and Ben wave to the park and the trees. They feel happy and proud. They helped to load the branches.Once upon a time, there was a vendor who was very excited to match people with the items they wanted. She always greeted customers happily and tried her best to help them. One day, a little girl came to the vendor. She asked for a new dress but the vendor hadnt any in the girls size. The vendor was very upset that she couldnt help the little girl. The girl was also upset, so she left the store. Just then, the little girls grandmother came into the store. She was very happy to match the little girl with a dress she needed. The grandmother said, Im so glad Im here! Im so sorry your vendor couldnt help you before, honey. Im sure youll look very pretty in your new dress. The vendor was very happy. She was glad that the little girl had found a dress that matched. From that day onward, the vendor always reminded herself to stay happy, no matter how upset she got.Once upon a time, there was a large ranch. In the ranch, there lived two children Tom and Susie. One day, Tom and Susie were walking in the ranch. Suddenly, Tom said to Susie, Lets dance! Susie smiled and said, Yes! That sounds like fun! Tom and Susie started dancing around the large ranch. They jumped and twirled in the warm sun. All the animals grazing on the ranch stopped to watch them. On and on they danced until they were too tired to dance anymore. After a while, Susie said, That was so much fun! Lets do it again soon! Tom smiled and said, Yes, lets do it! It was a great way to spend the day! And that is how Tom and Susie spent their day dancing in the large ranch!Tom and Sue were playing in the garden. They liked to dig and make mud pies. They found an old ashtray in the dirt. It was blue and round and had a picture of a fish on it. Look, I found a fish bowl! Tom said. He filled the ashtray with water and put some grass and stones in it. No, its not a fish bowl, its an ashtray. My dad has one like that. He puts his smokes in it. Sue said. She took the ashtray from Tom and dumped the water out. Hey, give it back! I want to play with it! Tom said. He grabbed the ashtray from Sue and ran away. Sue chased him and tried to get it back. They ran around the garden and splashed in the puddles. They got very wet and dirty. The ashtray got soaked too. Stop, stop, youre making a mess! Mom said. She came out of the house and saw them. She was not happy. She took the ashtray from them and threw it in the trash. Thats not a toy, thats a nasty thing. You shouldnt play with it. And look at you, youre soaked and muddy. Come inside and get cleaned up. Mom said. Tom and Sue followed Mom inside. They were sad and sorry. They liked the blue ashtray. They wanted to play with it more. But they knew they did something bad. They said sorry to Mom and hugged her. Mom forgave them and gave them a bath. She told them a story about a real fish bowl and a real fish. Tom and Sue liked the story. They forgot about the ashtray. They were happy again.Once upon a time, there was a little rhinoceros named Rob. He loved to clap his hands and jump around. He was very happy and full of energy. One day, Rob heard a strange sound coming from the forest. He walked closer, and suddenly heard a voice. It said Help, Im stuck! Rob went closer and saw a small dog covered in mud. He said, Hello, do you need help? The dog was very happy and nodded. Rob quickly started to pull the dog and freed him from the mud. The dog was so happy that he started to clap. Rob was so surprised that he started to clap too. Suddenly, he heard another noise. He turned around and saw a deaf elephant. Rob was shocked, so he clapped even harder to get the elephants attention. The elephant trumped and started to move closer. Rob quickly put his hand on the elephants trunk and the two of them started to clap together. The little rhinoceros and the deaf elephant clapped and danced together, until the sun comes up. They were the best of friends.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a cat named Mittens. Mittens was very soft and had pretty eyes. One day, Lilys mommy decided to bake some cookies. It smelled so yummy! Mittens was very interested in the smell and came to the kitchen to see what was happening. Lilys mommy let Mittens lick the spoon after she finished baking the cookies. Mittens was so happy and licked the spoon clean. The cookies were delicious and everyone was happy, especially Mittens!Tim and Sam were brothers who liked to go camping with their dad. They had a small cabin in the woods where they could sleep and play. One night, they heard a loud noise outside. They were scared and ran to their dad. Dad, what is that? Tim asked. It sounds like a bear, boys. Stay inside and be quiet, their dad said. He grabbed a flashlight and a stick and went out to scare the bear away. Tim and Sam waited in the cabin, but they did not hear their dad come back. They heard more noises, like growls and thumps and screams. They were very troubled and hugged each other. Dad, where are you? Sam cried. But their dad did not answer. The bear had found him and hurt him very badly. He could not move or talk. The bear was hungry and angry and wanted more food. It smelled the boys in the cabin and broke the door with its claws. Tim and Sam saw the bear and screamed, but it was too late. The bear attacked them and ate them. They could not sleep or play anymore. They were gone.Once upon a time, there was a humble little bunny named Benny. Benny loved to hop around and play with his friends. One day, Benny saw a purple flower in the field and he wanted to pick it. But he couldnt reach it because it was too high. Benny asked his friend, a wise old owl, How can I get the purple flower? The owl replied, You must wait until the sun rises and the flower will rise with it. Benny didnt understand how the flower could rise with the sun, but he trusted his friend. So, Benny waited patiently until the next morning when the sun rose. And just as the owl had said, the purple flower rose up towards the sky. Benny was so happy and grateful to his friend for the wise advice. From that day on, Benny knew that sometimes, things will rise up if you just wait patiently.Once there was a family and they had a daughter who was three years old. She was a very curious girl and liked to explore. One day, the threeyearold was exploring in her garden and she found something very special. It was a spell! She admired the spell as she had never seen one before. The threeyearold was so excited by the spell that she decided to bring it inside. When her parents saw the spell, they were amazed! They decided to use the spell to make some delicious food for their daughter. They cooked up the spell with some MagiGoo, a special kind of magic food. But when the threeyearold tasted the food it was very disgusting! She spat it out quickly and did not want to try it again. Despite this experience, the threeyearold still admires the spell. She is always telling her parents and friends about it, and how much she enjoyed exploring and admiring it in the garden!Once upon a time, there was a True who was very ugly. All the other Trues were happy, but this one was sad. He wanted to show everyone how very True he was. One day, it was spring. The sun was shining, the birds were singing, and the flowers were blooming. The True saw all the beauty around him and he felt happy. He felt something inside him, like something was going to happen. Suddenly he felt like he was growing and stretching taller and taller. He felt one big push and he began to bounce, higher and higher and higher. He was springing, round and round in the sunshine. The other Trues were amazed! They never knew he could do that. The ugly True had become the most beautiful True in spring. He was happy and so were the other Trues.Ben and Lily were playing with blocks. They liked to build towers and houses and cars. But sometimes they wanted the same blocks and they got mad. One day, Ben saw a big red block that he wanted. He reached for it, but Lily grabbed it first. She said, This is mine! I saw it first! Ben felt angry. He wanted the red block. He pushed Lily and made her drop the block. Lily felt sad. She cried and said, That was not nice! You hurt me! Ben felt sorry. He did not mean to hurt Lily. He just wanted the red block. He said, Im sorry, Lily. I was wrong. Can I have the red block, please? Lily looked at Ben. She saw that he was sorry. She said, OK, Ben. You can have the red block. But you have to be gentle. The block is rough and it can scratch you. Ben smiled. He said, Thank you, Lily. You are a good friend. I forgive you for taking the red block. Lily smiled too. She said, Youre welcome, Ben. I forgive you for pushing me. They hugged and said, We are sorry. We are friends. They played with the blocks again. They shared the red block and the other blocks. They built a big castle and a dragon and a princess. They had fun and they were happy.Once upon a time, there was a little girl called Daisy. Daisy loved going on adventures, so one day she decided to go on a journey. She walked through the countryside, looking at the beautiful flowers and listening to the birds singing. She felt so happy and free! Suddenly, she heard a loud sound. It was coming from the sky and it was getting louder. Daisy was scared, so she hid behind a tree. She looked up and saw a dragon. The dragon had big wings and it flew around, destroying everything in its path. Daisy felt hurt, but she did not give up. She was brave and wanted to help. So, she jumped up and waved her magical wand. A bright light came from the wand and filled the sky. The dragon became smaller and disappeared into the clouds. Daisy was relieved and continued on her journey. She learned that a brave heart can never be destroyed!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, she was playing outside when she fell and hurt her knee. Her mommy put a bandage on it to make it feel better. The next day, Lily wanted to play with her friends again. But her mommy said she couldnt because her knee needed to heal. Lily got upset and said, I want to play with my friends now! Mommy said, I know you do, but we need to wait until your knee is all fit again. Remember how much it hurt when you fell? Lily thought about it and remembered how much it hurt. She didnt want it to hurt again, so she decided to wait until her knee was all better.Once upon a time, there was a wise old fox who lived in a big forest. Every day, the fox liked to sit in a clearing and think about life. One day, a little bunny hopped over and saw the fox. The bunny asked, What are you thinking about, fox? The fox said, Im thinking about understanding. The bunny asked, What does that mean? The fox replied, It means to use your head. You understand things when you use your head to think about them. The bunny thought for a moment and then asked, Can I use my head to understand the color of my hair? The fox smiled and said, Yes, you can. The fox explained if the bunny looked at his hair and thought about it, he could understand why it was the color it was. The bunny thanked the fox and hopped away. The fox smiled and knew that the bunny now understood that using your head to think and understand was a very wise thing to do. The moral of the story is this understanding things is important, and it comes from thinking, not from just knowing facts. Thats why its important to be wise and think before you act.Lily and Tom were twins who loved to play outside. They had a big yard with many trees and flowers. One day, they saw a new tree that was very different from the others. It was green all year and had sharp needles instead of leaves. It was a pine tree. Wow, look at that tree! Lily said. It is so big and pretty! Can we climb it? Tom asked. He liked to climb trees and see the sky. I dont know, Lily said. It looks very high and hard. Maybe we should ask Mom first. They ran to the house and found Mom in the kitchen. She was making cookies for them. Mom, Mom, can we climb the pine tree in the yard? Tom asked. The pine tree? Mom said. Thats a special tree, my dears. Its a Christmas tree. A Christmas tree? Lily and Tom said. They had heard of Christmas, but they did not know much about it. Yes, a Christmas tree, Mom said. Its a tree that we decorate with lights and ornaments to celebrate the birth of Jesus. He is the son of God, who loves us very much. Who is Jesus? Lily asked. Jesus is our friend and savior, Mom said. He came to the world to teach us how to love and be kind. He also died for us, so we can be with him in heaven. What is heaven? Tom asked. Heaven is a wonderful place, where there is no pain or sadness, only joy and peace, Mom said. We can go there after we die, if we believe in Jesus and follow his ways. How do we follow his ways? Lily asked. We follow his ways by praying to him, reading his words, and doing good deeds, Mom said. Praying is talking to him in our hearts, and telling him what we are thankful for, what we need, and what we are sorry for. Reading his words is learning from the Bible, which is his book. Doing good deeds is helping others, sharing, and being honest. Lily and Tom listened to Mom with wonder and curiosity. They wanted to know more about Jesus and heaven. Can we pray to Jesus now? Tom asked. Of course, my loves, Mom said. We can pray anytime, anywhere. He always hears us and answers us. Lets pray together. Mom held their hands and closed her eyes. Lily and Tom did the same. Dear Jesus, thank you for this day, and for this beautiful pine tree that reminds us of you. Thank you for our family, and for our cookies. Please help us to learn more about you, and to follow your ways. Please forgive us when we make mistakes, and help us to be better. Please bless us and keep us safe. We love you, Jesus. Amen. Amen, Lily and Tom said. They opened their eyes and smiled. They felt a warm and happy feeling in their hearts. Mom, can we still climb the pine tree? Tom asked. Mom laughed and hugged them. Sure, you can climb the pine tree, but be careful. Its an enormous tree, and you are still little. And dont forget to thank Jesus for the fun you have. Okay, Mom, Lily and Tom said. They ran to the yard and climbed the pine tree. They felt the needles prick their fingers, and the wind blow their hair. They saw the birds and the clouds, and the sun shining bright. They thanked Jesus for the pine tree, and for everything else. They had a wonderful time.Once upon a time there was a tree. It was big and strong. One day a fierce lion appeared in the meadow. All of the animals were scared and hid. The brave lion looked around and then saw the tree. He gave a very loud roar. The tree was so scared that it made a noise. It was a clapping sound. Everyone around thought it was funny and started to applaud. The lion was confused. He asked the tree, Why are you clapping? The tree replied, Because you were so brave and strong. We all appreciate it. The lion was very happy and thanked the tree. From then on, the lion and the tree were good friends. And whenever the lion was brave, the tree applauded!Once upon a time there was a pretty house. Inside, a man and his family lived happily. One day, the family heard a noise outside. It was a thief! The thief was trying to break in and steal the manâs precious things. The family was scared, but they knew what they had to do. They quickly ran to the back door and opened it wide. Then, the man called out to the thief. He said, âœYou must leave now, or we will call the police!â The thief was very scared and ran away. The family was relieved and thanked their lucky stars. The next day, the man decided to set up a special lock on his door. This way, no thief could ever enter his house again. He put a big round button on the wall outside. Whenever someone wanted to come in, they had to press the button to release the lock on the door. From then on, the family was safe and happy in their pretty house.Once upon a time, there was a little bunny named Benny. Benny loved to play outside in the fields. One day, he saw a big pile of hay. Benny thought it looked like a fun place to bounce around. So, he hopped up onto the hay and started to bounce. As Benny was bouncing, he heard a little noise. He looked down and saw a harmless little mouse. The mouse looked up at Benny and said, Hello there, bunny! Benny was surprised to see the mouse, but he was happy to have a new friend to play with. Benny and the mouse played together on the hay for a while. They bounced and laughed and had so much fun. When it was time for Benny to go home, he said goodbye to his new friend and hopped away. From that day on, Benny knew that the hay pile was a great place to have fun and make new friends.Once upon a time, there was a big elephant. He liked to play with his friends. One day, they decided to throw a ball. The elephant was very good at throwing. He threw the ball high into the sky. The elephants friends were amazed. They had never seen such a good throw before! They asked the elephant how he learned to throw so well. The elephant said he practiced every day. The elephants friends were impressed. They said the elephant was very modern, because he knew how to throw so well. From then on, they all practiced throwing together. And the elephant was always the best!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the sunshine. One day, she saw a pretty daisy in the grass. She picked it up and held it in her hand. Suddenly, Lily heard her mommy calling her name. She knew she had to rush back home. She was worried that she might be late for lunch. So, she put the daisy in her pocket and ran as fast as she could. When she got home, her mommy was waiting for her with a big smile on her face. She hugged Lily and said, Dont be worried, my dear. Youre right on time for lunch! Lily smiled and took the daisy out of her pocket. She gave it to her mommy as a present. Her mommy was very happy and gave her a big kiss on the cheek.Once upon a time, there was a little girl who loved to play chess. She would spend hours playing with her mom, taking turns moving the little playing pieces. One day, the little girl and her mom were playing chess when suddenly the pieces started to glow! She was so frightened. The mom said, Its okay! That is just magic! See the pieces are still just pieces. The little girl was still too scared to play. But then her mom showed her that while the pieces were glowing they could make really fun games. The pieces moved by themselves and the little girl laughed and clapped with delight. Soon the pieces stopped glowing, and the frightening feeling was replaced by joy. The little girl and her mom had a great time playing with the magical chess pieces.One day, a little boy named Tim went to his old grandmas house. Grandma had a big box. Tim wanted to find out what was in the box. The box was heavy. Tim thought it had a lot of weight. Tim asked his grandma if he could open the box. She said, No, Tim. The box is not for you. But Tim did not listen. He wanted to find out what was inside. When grandma was not looking, Tim tried to lift the box. It was very heavy. Tim tried and tried to lift the box. He pushed and pulled. Then, the box fell on Tims foot. It hurt a lot. Tim cried. Grandma came and helped Tim. She was sad that Tim did not listen. The box was not for him.Once there was a girl named Emma. Emma was so lovely. Every day she went to the park to have fun. Today Emma was excited to go to the park. On the way she stopped to pick up some grapes. When she arrived at the park, there was a tall hill covered in grass. At the top of the hill, Emma saw a big slide. She quickly ran up the hill, with her basket of grapes in hand. When she reached the top, she looked over the slide. Emma held the basket of grapes to her chest and then, she slid down the slide. She screamed with joy as she went fast, faster and faster. When she reached the bottom she was filled with happiness. Emma hugged her basket of grapes and smiled. She was so happy to have found a slide to have fun on and grapes to snack on. She felt the lovely sun on her face and smiled. Emma had a wonderful day.One day, Jack was walking in the park with his mom. It was a cold day and the park was icy. Suddenly, Jack heard a whistle. He looked around, not knowing where the noise had come from. His mom noticed the sound too. Jack, I think someone is calling you. she said. Jack looked around again and saw a man holding a whistle. The man said come here Jack, I have an order for you! Jack and his mom walked over to the man. The man handed Jack a box. I need you to deliver this box to the tree over there, the man said, pointing at a big tree. Jack was excited. He took the box and ran over to the tree. When he got there, he placed the box on the ground and ran back to the man. The man gave Jack a big smile and said well done, Jack! You have done an excellent job! Jack and his mom walked back home, both feeling proud of Jacks accomplishment.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Mia. She loved to play in her room, which she called her chamber. Her chamber was a safe place where she could have fun and be happy. One sunny day, Mias friend, Tom, came over to play. They went to the park to play on the swings. Mia loved to swing high in the sky, and Tom liked to swing too. They laughed and talked while they played. Mia said, Tom, do you want to see my chamber? Its a safe place to play. Tom smiled and said, Yes, I would love to see your chamber, Mia. So they went back to Mias house and played in her chamber. They had a great time, and they knew they were safe and happy in Mias special chamber.One day, a loud bird sat on a tree. The bird liked to tease the little ant. The little ant did not like the loud bird. The ant said, Stop teasing me, loud bird! I will find a way to stop you. The little ant thought and thought. He had an idea. He went to his ant friends and told them his plan. The ants all agreed to help. They knew the loud bird was mean to the little ant. They wanted to teach the loud bird a lesson. The next day, the loud bird came back to tease the little ant. But this time, the little ant was ready. He and his ant friends all climbed up the tree. They tickled the loud birds feet. The loud bird laughed and laughed. He could not tease the little ant anymore. The bird said, I am sorry, little ant. I will not tease you anymore. The little ant and his friends were happy. They had stopped the loud bird from teasing them.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Ella. Every day, Ella would try to do something kind for someone. One day, Ella had a special plan. She decided to try to fly towards the east. She had never tried anything like this before, but she knew she had to give it a try. So, Ella put her arms out, closed her eyes and jumped! Suddenly, Ella felt a gust of wind, and she knew she was flying! She flew ever higher, and soon she could see the east side of the town. Unfortunately, Ella lost control, and before she knew it she had landed in a tree! Ella knew that she had to get out of the tree, but she couldnt reach the ground. She started to cry, and just then, a kindly old man appeared. Ella asked the old man for help, and he said, Dont worry, I will help you down. So, with the mans help, Ella was able to get down safely, and she thanked him with a big hug. The old man smiled and said, Im sorry that you had an accident. But, Im glad youre okay now. Ella smiled and thanked the man again. She knew that no matter what happened, she would always have kind people to help.One day, there was a boy who wanted to learn a special trick. He asked his dad to teach him how. His dad brought out a special case. Inside the case was something very difficult to learn. His dad taught him how to do the trick step by step. At first, it was hard. But slowly, the boy started to understand. He practiced and practiced every day. Soon, he was getting very good at it. His dad was so proud of him. After a lot of hard work, the boy finally learnt the difficult trick.Once upon a time, in a small town, there was a big sun that would shine every day. The sun loved to shine on the town and make everyone happy. The town had a law that everyone must go out and play when the sun was shining. One day, a little boy named Tim was feeling lazy. He did not want to go out and play in the sun. He just wanted to stay inside and sleep. But he knew about the law, so he put on his shoes and went outside. As Tim played outside, he started to feel less lazy. The suns warm shine made him happy. He played with his friends, and they all had a great time. From that day on, Tim loved to go out and play when the sun was shining.Once upon a time there was a cheerful little rabbit who wanted to go on an adventure. He hopped through the forest until he saw an old, dark tunnel. He stopped and looked inside. Where does this tunnel go? he asked. He listened to the trees and the wind. Then, a voice replied from deep within the tunnel. It goes to a magical place. Come on in, follow me! The rabbit was very excited and hopped into the tunnel. He followed the voice deep into the darkness until suddenly he saw a twinkling, beautiful lights. He hopped out of the tunnel and found himself in a beautiful, magical world. He explored the world and it was even more cheerful than he had imagined. He saw beautiful flowers, colorful birds and friendly animals. Everywhere he looked, he could see something new and wonderful. The little rabbit had the best adventure ever and he never forgot the wonderful place he discovered in the tunnel.One day, a boy named Tim went to the park with his mom. They saw a big pitch with kids playing on it. Tim was very happy and wanted to play too. His mom said, Go and have fun! Tim ran to the pitch and saw a wild dog. The dog was running and playing with a ball. Tim admired the dog and wanted to play with it. He said, Hi dog! Can I play with you? The dog wagged its tail and barked, Yes, lets play! Tim and the wild dog played on the pitch all day. They had so much fun together. Tims mom watched them play and smiled. At the end of the day, Tim said goodbye to the dog and went home with his mom. They had a great day at the park.One day, a small, independent cat named Kitty went for a walk. She loved to rock on the swings at the park. Today, she saw a big box. Kitty was very excited. She thought it was a surprise just for her. Kitty asked her friend Doggy, What do you think is in the box? I hope its a surprise for me! Doggy said, I dont know, but you should be careful. Surprises can be good or bad. Kitty didnt listen to Doggy. She wanted to see the surprise. So, she opened the box. Inside, there were many bees! The bees were not happy. They flew out and started to chase Kitty and Doggy. Kitty and Doggy ran away as fast as they could. But the bees caught up and stung them. It hurt a lot. Kitty and Doggy went home, feeling very sad. They learned that not all surprises are good, and sometimes its better to listen to friends.One day a little girl wanted to explore. She decided to go to the park. When she arrived, she saw an incredible cross. She crawled up to it and touched it with her tiny fingers. The cross felt cool and smooth. She started to crawl around it. The little girl saw shapes and colours everywhere. Even the ground was filled with patterns. She kept on crawling and playing. After a while, she looked up and the cross was so big and incredible. She had a great day crawling around the cross. The little girl smiled and crawled home. She could not wait to tell her parents all about her incredible adventure.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, she went to the park with her mom. They sat on a bench and ate some olives. Lily loved the olives because they were salty and yummy. Suddenly, Lily saw a big bird in the sky. She pointed and said, Mommy, look! A bird! Her mom said, Yes, its a seagull. Do you like to gaze at the birds? Lily nodded and continued to gaze at the seagull. After a while, Lilys mom said, Its time to go home now. Lily replied, Can we come back tomorrow? I love this park. Its so rich with nature. Her mom smiled and said, Of course, we can come back tomorrow. And they walked home happily.Once upon a time, there was a little gray cat. The cat liked to sleep all day and all night. One day, the cats owner woke him up and said, I have a prize for you! The cat was very excited and followed his owner to the kitchen. In the kitchen, the owner showed the cat a big bowl of milk. The cat was so happy and drank all the milk. After drinking the milk, the cat went back to sleep. He dreamed about the prize he got and how delicious the milk was. The next day, the cat woke up and saw that the prize was gone. He looked around the house and found a little toy mouse. The cat was very happy and played with the toy mouse all day long. From that day on, the little gray cat was always excited when his owner woke him up, hoping for another prize.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lily. She loved to play outside, but there were always mosquitoes biting her. One day, she was playing with her friend Timmy when she got bitten by a mosquito on her arm. Ouch! That mosquito bit me, she said. Timmy suggested they go inside to avoid more mosquito bites. But Lily didnt want to stop playing. No, I want to keep playing. I dont want to go inside, she said. Later that day, Lily started to feel itchy all over her body. She realized she had many mosquito bites. She wished she had listened to Timmys suggestion. The next day, Lily and Timmy went to the store to buy mosquito spray. It smelled funny, but it worked amazing! They sprayed it all over their bodies and didnt get any more mosquito bites. From that day on, Lily always listened to Timmys suggestions.Once there was a boy. His name was Luke. He was three years old. One day, Luke found a tower. It was tall and made out of blocks. He was very excited. He started to play with the blocks. Before long, Luke had made a tower of his own. He was so excited. He tried to make it as tall as the other tower. He giggled and laughed. It was very funny. Once the tower was finished, Luke was happy. He wanted to show it to everybody. He ran outside and showed it to his mom. She was excited too. Suddenly, there was a loud crash! The tower had fallen over! Luke was sad, but he was still excited. He started to build a new tower. This one was even funnier than before! He laughed and had lots of fun.Once upon a time, there was a friendly gorilla named Gigi. Gigi lived in a big forest with her friends. She liked to play with her friends and eat yummy food. One day, Gigi found a big ice cream cone on the ground. She was very happy and excited. Gigi picked up the ice cream cone and said, I will share this with my friends! She walked around the forest to find her friends, but the sun was very hot. Gigi felt the ice cream start to melt in her hand. She knew she had to hurry to share it with her friends. Gigi found her friends and said, Look what I found! Lets share this ice cream! But when she opened her hand, the ice cream had melted away. All that was left was a sticky mess. Gigi and her friends were sad that they couldnt eat the ice cream. They learned that sometimes, things dont go the way we want them to.Once upon a time, there was a silly cat named Mittens. Mittens liked to play with a teaspoon. One day, Mittens was playing with the teaspoon when it fell on the ground and made a loud noise. Mittens got scared and ran away. Mittens ran all around the house until he found a cozy spot to settle down. He found a soft blanket and made himself comfortable. Mittens felt happy and safe in his new spot. From that day on, Mittens played with his teaspoon in his cozy spot. He never let it fall again. And whenever he felt scared, he knew just where to go to settle down and feel better.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Sue. Sue loved to help her mom in the kitchen. One day, they were making rice for dinner. Sues mom asked her to help pour the rice into the pot. Sue said, Mom, I can help you! She picked up the bag of rice and poured it slowly into the pot. The rice made a soft sound as it fell. Sues mom smiled and said, Thank you, Sue. You are a big help! As they waited for the rice to cook, Sue and her mom talked. Sue told her mom about her day and how she played with her friends. When the rice was ready, they ate it together. Sue was happy she could help her mom and enjoy the yummy rice.Once upon a time, there was a little bear named Teddy. Teddy was very humble and always wanted to help his friends. One day, he saw his friend Bunny feeling sad. Teddy went over to Bunny and gave him a big hug. Bunny felt better and thanked Teddy. Later that day, Teddy saw his other friend Fox trying to build a tower out of blocks. Fox was having trouble and was getting frustrated. Teddy decided to add some blocks to the tower to help Fox. Fox was happy and thanked Teddy. But then, as Teddy was walking home, he got lost in the woods. He couldnt find his way back and started to get scared. The sun was setting and it was getting dark. Teddy tried to find his way, but he couldnt. He felt very alone and sad. Eventually, Teddy got so tired that he fell asleep. The next morning, his friends found him and brought him back home. Teddy was happy to be safe, but he realized that sometimes even the humblest of bears need help too.Once, there was a little girl who saw a purple creature. The creature was very dangerous. She wanted to introduce herself and asked it what its name was. But when she tried to do this, the creature got angry. It tried to attack the girl. She was so scared that she ran away as fast as she could. The little girl never saw the purple creature again. She was so lucky that she had escaped from it. The creature was too dangerous for her and she thought it was best to stay away from it. But she always remembered the day she tried to introduce herself to the purple creature. She never forgot how dangerous it was.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. He loved to ride his bike in the park. One day, he woke up and saw that it was noon. He quickly ate his lunch and went to the park to ride his bike. The weather was fine, and the sun was shining. Timmy rode his bike up and down the hills, and he felt very happy. He saw some ducks in the pond and stopped to watch them. After a while, Timmy got tired and went home. He took a nap and woke up feeling refreshed. He thought about how much fun he had riding his bike in the park at noon, and he couldnt wait to do it again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to wander around her backyard and explore. One day, she found a funnylooking plant with prickly needles. It was a cactus! Lily was very careful not to touch it. Soon, her friends came over to play. They decided to have a race to see who could run the fastest. Lily was very competitive and wanted to win. But as they ran, she accidentally tripped and fell into the cactus! Ouch! Lilys mom came to help her and carefully removed the needles. From then on, Lily learned to be more careful when she wandered around outside. And she realized that winning isnt everything having fun with friends is more important.Lily and Tom were playing in the park. They liked to swing and slide and run. But then they saw a big dog. The dog was barking and running at them. Lily and Tom were scared. Help! Lily cried. The dog is coming! Tom grabbed Lilys hand. He wanted to protect her. He said, Dont worry, Lily. I will keep you safe. We can go to the bench. The bench is high. The dog cant reach us there. Tom and Lily ran to the bench. They climbed up and sat down. The dog followed them. It jumped and tried to bite them. But it was too short. It could not touch them. Go away, dog! Tom shouted. You are bad! You are not nice! The dog kept barking and jumping. It made a lot of noise. It made Lily and Tom dizzy. They wished the dog would stop. Then they saw a man. The man was the dogs owner. He called the dogs name. He said, Rex, come here! Stop that! You are naughty! The dog heard the man. It stopped barking and jumping. It ran to the man. The man put a leash on the dog. He said, Im sorry, kids. Rex is not mean. He just likes to play. But he doesnt know how to play gently. He needs to learn. I will take him home now. The man and the dog left. Lily and Tom felt better. They were not scared anymore. They were not dizzy anymore. They smiled at each other. They held hands. Thank you, Tom, Lily said. You are brave. You are my friend. Youre welcome, Lily, Tom said. You are sweet. You are my friend too. They hugged. Then they went back to play. They had fun. They were happy.Tom and Sam were brothers who liked to play with their dads tools. One day, they found a big metal thing that looked shiny and fun. They did not know it was a polish machine that made things smooth and bright. They wanted to try it on their toys and other things. They plugged the machine into the wall and turned it on. It made a loud noise and spun very fast. They took turns to hold their toys against the machine. They saw sparks and smoke come out. They thought it was cool and funny. They did not smell the bad smell or see the fire. Soon, the fire grew bigger and hotter. It reached the curtains and the carpet. It made more smoke and noise. Tom and Sam started to cough and cry. They were scared and wanted to run away. But the door was locked and they could not open it. They did not know where the key was. They did not know how to call for help. Their dad came home and saw the smoke and fire. He ran to the door and tried to break it. But it was too late. The fire was too strong and dangerous. He could not save his sons. He fell to the ground and screamed. He was very sad and angry. He wished he had never left the polish machine out. He wished he had taught his sons to be careful and safe. He wished he could hug them and say sorry. But he could not. They were gone.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved her bottle very much. It was her favorite thing in the world. One day, Lilys little brother, Max, wanted to play with her bottle. But Lily didnt want to share it because it was heavy and she was afraid Max would drop it. Max started to cry and Lily felt bad. She knew she should accept that her brother wanted to play with her bottle too. So, she gave it to him and watched him play with it. Suddenly, Max accidentally dropped the bottle and it broke. Lily was sad but she knew it was her fault for not sharing. She hugged her brother and told him it was okay. From then on, Lily learned to share and accept that sometimes accidents happen.Once upon a time, there was a fireman named Tom. Tom was a very foolish fireman. He liked to play with his red fire truck and smile all the time. One sunny day, Tom was playing outside with his fire truck when he saw a little girl crying. Tom went to the little girl and asked, Why are you sad? The little girl said, My cat is stuck in a tree! Can you help me? Tom wanted to help, but he didnt know how to climb the tree. He felt bad and started to think. Then, Tom had an idea. He took his red fire truck and put it under the tree. He stood on the truck and reached up to the cat. He grabbed the cat and gave it back to the little girl. The girl was so happy, she smiled and said, Thank you, Tom! Tom smiled back and felt proud that he could help. From that day on, Tom was not a foolish fireman anymore.Once upon a time, there was a boy called Jack. Jack wanted to play a game, but his friends didnt want to. They said it was too hard. Jack was sad. Suddenly, he had an idea. He pulled out a long rope and said Lets play tugofwar. His friends felt better, and they all agreed to play. Jack was happy. The game began and soon Jack was winning. His friends were not happy and tried to take the rope away from him. But Jack held on tight! Then, his friend Tom had a cool idea. He said Lets tie the rope to something, so noone can win. Everyone agreed, and they tied the rope to a tree. When it was finished, the friends all had fun. They laughed and shouted and accepted that the game was over â but Jack had still won! Jack was very pleased.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to go fishing with her grandpa. They would go to the lake and sit on the dock. Grandpa would give Lily a rod and help her cast it into the water. One day, Lily caught a big fish! She was so proud of herself. She yelled, Grandpa, look! I caught a fish! Grandpa was proud of Lily too. But then, as they were taking the fish off the hook, it snapped! The fish swam away with the hook still in its mouth. Lily was sad, but Grandpa told her not to worry. They would catch another fish next time.Once upon a time, there was a little bird with gray feathers. The bird loved to fly high in the sky and sit on a branch. One day, the bird saw a big, juicy worm on the ground. The bird wanted to eat the worm but his mother told him it was not safe to eat worms on the ground. She said only worms on the branch were safe to eat. But the little bird didnt listen to his mother and flew down to the ground to eat the worm. As he was eating, a big, mean cat came and chased after him. The little bird tried to fly away, but he was too slow. The cat caught him and ate him for his dinner. The little birds mother was very sad and wished she had not permitted her little bird to fly down to the ground. She knew he would still be alive if he had listened to her and stayed on the branch. The end.Once upon a time, there was an enormous popcorn machine. It sparkled and shone as if made of diamonds. Every day, the children around the neighbourhood would come together and applaud. They loved the delicious popcorn the enormous machine would make. The children always had the same routine they would cheer and clap and then wait for their turn to get a bag of the crunchy snack. Soon, the popcorn machine was making the most delicious popcorn in town. Everyone would line up in long queues and applaud when it was their turn to get a bag of yummy popcorn. Even the adults and grandparents smiled and cheered along. One day, something amazing happened. Everyone gathered around the enormous machine, and cheered even louder than before. Out of the machine popped the biggest bag of popcorn anyone had ever seen. Everyone gasped, and then cheered even louder. They took a huge bite out of the popcorn and it was the tastiest they had ever had. Everyone applauded in joy, and the children laughed and smiled the whole night. The enormous popcorn machine made everyone happy, and it was the best popcorn in town.Mommy was giving Peter a big hug and said I love you! Peter said, I love you too, Mommy! Mommy said, How about we go to the bathroom and get a warm bath together? So they went to the bathroom and Mommy helped Peter step into the nice warm bath. Peter was delighted with the warm water and said, Oh, this feels so nice and warm Mommy! Mommy splashed some of the warm water on Peters arms and said, Its time for you to play in the water, Peter. Have fun! Then Peter started to splash around in the warm water, laughing and having a great time. He kept splashing and splashing and after a few minutes Mommy said, Time to get out now. Lets get you dried off! Peter and Mommy got out of the warm bath and Mommy dried off Peters back with a nice warm towel. Peter was so happy and said, That felt wonderful Mommy, thank you! Mommy smiled and said, Youre welcome Peter. Now lets go snuggle together and read a book!Once upon a time, there was a little spider who lived in a big tree. The spider liked to spin cobwebs all day long. One day, a big wind came and blew the cobwebs away. The spider was sad because all of its hard work was gone. But then, a big bug came along and got stuck in one of the cobwebs that was left. The spider knew what to do and quickly spun more cobwebs to catch the bug. The spider was happy because it had caught a big meal. Later that day, it started to rain and the spider got uncomfortable because it was getting wet. Suddenly, a big lightning strike hit the tree and scared the spider. But it was okay because it had made a cozy little home in the tree and was safe from the storm. The end.Tom and Lily were twins who liked to sing. They wanted to be famous singers like the ones they saw on TV. They had a cord that they used as a microphone. They would take turns to sing and pretend they had a big audience. One day, they saw a poster for a talent show at their school. They decided to sign up and sing together. They practiced every day with their cord. They sang loud and fast and made funny faces. They thought they were very good. On the day of the show, they went on stage with their cord. They saw many other kids who had real instruments and costumes. They felt nervous. They started to sing, but they forgot some words and sang out of tune. The other kids laughed at them. They felt sad and ran off the stage. Their teacher saw them crying and came to comfort them. She said, Dont worry, Tom and Lily. Singing is a skill that you can improve. You just need to practice more and learn from others. You also need to sing with your heart and not just your voice. Singing is not about being famous, but about expressing yourself and making others happy. Tom and Lily listened to their teacher and nodded. They realized they had been too proud and silly. They thanked their teacher and hugged each other. They decided to keep singing, but with more effort and joy. They learned that to be good at something, you need to work hard and be humble.Once upon a time, there was a clumsy princess who had found some treasure. She was so happy, she started to spin around. The princess spun and spun until she was so dizzy, she couldnt stand. She fell onto the ground and the treasure went flying all over the place. Suddenly, a small mouse appeared and asked, Why are you spinning, Princess? The princess replied, I was so excited about finding this treasure that I got carried away! The mouse smiled, and said, Thats okay! Lets gather up the treasure and you can spin all you want! So the two of them gathered up all the treasure, and the princess spun until she was dizzy again. When everything was back in its place, the mouse said, That was so fun! We should do it again! The princess replied, Yes, lets! Im never going to stop spinning! And so the princess and the mouse enjoyed their spinning treasure adventure every day.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved icecream very much. One day, Timmy and his mom went to the park to eat icecream. Timmy was so glad and happy. But then, Timmy struggled to eat his icecream because it was melting so fast. He tried to lick it quickly, but it was too hard. His mom helped him and they ate the icecream together. Timmy was glad his mom was there to help him. After they finished their icecream, Timmy and his mom played on the swings and had fun. They had a great day at the park together. The end.Once upon a time there was a little girl who loved making films. She had a big box filled with special film and a pair of scissors to help her create her movies. One sunny day, the little girl set up her film, camera and scissors in front of the house. She was ready to get started. The little girlâs father came and watched her as she worked. He asked, âœIs it all ok? Are you feeling calm?â The girl smiled. âœYes, Iâm feeling calm and Iâm ready to cut my film.â She slowly and carefully took the scissors and started cutting away piece of the film. She worked and worked until she was finished. When she looked at her new film, it was beautiful. She had created a masterpiece. The little girl was very proud and excited to show it to her family and friends. With that, the little girl put away her scissors, grabbed her film and ran inside.Once upon a time, there was a little girl called Rose. She was so adventurous! Today, Rose was going on a special adventure. She was unpacking everything she would need, to build a bridge. At first, she didnt know where to start, but Rose was so brave and determined. She got out all the pieces she had, and started to fit them together. Before long, she had made a bridge! Then, Roses mum came to see what was happening. Mum What have you made, Rose? Rose Look, I made a bridge! Mum Wow, what an adventurous bridge! Im so proud of you Rose. Rose beamed with pride, and then she went to show all her friends her new bridge. She just knew they would love it.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside with her friends. One day, Lily saw her friend throwing a candy wrapper on the ground. Lily said, Dont waste that! We should put it in the trash can. Her friend said, Why does it matter? Its just a little piece of trash. Lily replied, Throwing trash on the ground isnt good for the Earth. We should be intelligent and take care of our planet. Her friend realized Lily was right and said, Youre right, Lily. Ill put it in the trash can. Thank you for allowing me to learn something new. From that day on, Lilys friend made sure to always throw their trash away in the proper place.Once upon a time, there was a little car named Red. Red loved to drive fast and have fun. But one day, Red ran out of fuel and had to stop. Red was sad and didnt know what to do. Then, Red saw a big truck with lots of fuel. Red wanted to take some fuel from the truck, but that would not behave well. Red decided to wait for help. But it was getting dark and Red was getting pale. Suddenly, a scary monster appeared and scared Red. Red tried to run away, but the monster caught Red and took Red away. Red never came back and was never seen again. The end.One day, a little girl named Lucy went to the park. She saw a pretty flower. The flower was red and yellow. Lucy wanted to pick the flower, but she did not know how. A friendly bird saw Lucy. The bird said, Hi, Lucy! Do you need help? Lucy said, Yes, I want to pick the flower, but I cant. The bird said, I can help you. Lets do it together. Lucy and the bird worked together. They managed to pick the flower. Lucy was happy. She said, Thank you, bird! The bird said, Youre welcome, Lucy! Its a clear day, lets play! So, Lucy and the bird played in the park all day.Once upon a time, there was a small boy. He was quite happy with his life, but he was a bit envious. He wanted to be as cool as the fireman he saw walking down the street. One day, he was walking in the park when he saw a bunch of firemen! They were taking a break and playing with their hoses. The boy was so surprised to see them, he stopped in his tracks. The firemen saw the boy and invited him to join them. They showed him how the hoses worked and the boy had a lot of fun with them. He was so excited, he ran home and told his mom all about his new friends. He was so inspired by the firemen, he decided to dress up like one for Halloween. He even drew a picture of a fireman for his bedroom wall. The boy was so thrilled to have such amazing friends. He was no longer envious, he was just happy and grateful.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy liked to climb the stairs in his house, but today he was feeling scared. He wanted to climb to the top, but it was too hard for him. He tried and tried, but he always fell down. Timmys mom saw him struggling and came over to help. She told him to take it easy and to settle down. She held his hand and they climbed the stairs together. Timmy felt safe with his mom and he made it to the top without falling. But then, when they tried to go back down, they saw that the stairs were broken! Timmys mom didnt know what to do, but Timmy had an idea. He said they could slide down the stairs like a slide at the playground. They tried it and it worked! They both laughed and had fun sliding down the stairs. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to read books about animals. One day, she went to the park and saw a goose. The goose was big and had feathers that were white and gray. Lily went up to the goose and said, Hello, Mr. Goose. Do you want to hear a story? The goose just looked at her and honked. Lily took that as a yes and started to read her book. As she read, she noticed that the goose was getting closer and closer. Suddenly, the goose took a bite of Lilys apple. Lily made a sour face and said, Hey, thats my apple! The goose just honked and waddled away. Lily learned that not all animals like to listen to stories and some of them can be a little bit sour. She went home and told her mom all about her adventure with the goose. From that day on, Lily made sure to keep her snacks close by and to always ask before sharing her stories.Once upon a time, there was a deep, dark ocean. Every morning when the sun rose, a symbol would show up on the surface of the sea. It was a beautiful symbol, glowing bright in the sunshine. Everybody in the village wanted to know what the symbol meant, so they all went to the beach to take a closer look. But when they got there, they couldnt understand it. Then one day, a brave little 3 year old girl stepped up to the symbol. She looked at it for a long time and then suddenly she understood. The symbol meant that all of the people in the village should rise up and work together to make their home better and brighter. And, most importantly, the symbol meant that all of the people should look out for each other. The little girl smiled and shared her understanding with the others. Everyone was so happy and excited about the meaning and the message of the symbol. From that day forward, the people of the village always rose up to work together, look out for each other, and make their home more beautiful. Everyone was very happy and the symbol had become a part of the village.Lila was a girl who liked to play with her toys. She had a doll, a ball, a car and a book. She did not like to share her toys with anyone. She said, They are mine, mine, mine! One day, a raven came to her window. The raven was black and shiny. He saw Lilas toys and wanted to play with them. He said, Hello, little girl. Can I play with your toys? Lila was angry. She said, No, you cannot. They are mine, mine, mine! Go away, you bad bird! The raven was sad. He said, But I have no toys. I only have feathers and a beak. Please, let me play with your toys. I will be your friend. Lila did not care. She said, No, no, no! You are not my friend. You are a thief. You want to take my toys. Go away, go away, go away! The raven was angry. He said, You are a mean girl. You are not fair. You have many toys, but you do not share. I will punish you. I will take your toys and fly away. The raven flew into Lilas room and grabbed her doll with his beak. He flew out of the window and said, Ha, ha, ha! This is mine, mine, mine! Lila cried. She said, No, no, no! Give me back my doll. You are a bad bird. You are a thief. Give me back my doll. But the raven did not listen. He flew away with the doll and said, No, no, no! This is mine, mine, mine! You are a mean girl. You are not fair. You do not share. This is your punishment. Lila learned a lesson. She learned that sharing is good and being selfish is bad. She learned that being fair is nice and being mean is not. She learned that if she does not share, she will lose her toys and her friends. She said, I am sorry, raven. Please, come back. Please, bring back my doll. Please, be my friend. I will share my toys with you. I will be fair and nice. Please, come back.Once upon a time, there was a little boy called Thomas. He was three years old and loved playing with his toys. Every day, his mom would put a belt on him before they went outside. Thomas didnt like wearing his belt he would always complain to his mom. One day, Thomas put on his belt and started to complain even louder. His mom didnt want to listen, so she tied the belt extra tight. She said, Come on, Thomas, we need to go outside now! But Thomas was feeling miserable because of his belt. He just wanted to stay inside and play with his toys. Thomass mom said, Thomas, you have to wear the belt or you cant go outside. Thomas had no choice but to wear it. Grumpily, he followed his mom outside and started playing. Even though he was wearing his belt, Thomas still had fun playing with his friends. At the end of the day, Thomass mom untied his belt after he came back inside. Thomas felt much better and instantly forgot about his belt troubles. He filled his mom in on all the fun he had outside and she was glad that he was no longer complaining.Mr. and Mrs. Rabbit were getting ready for bed. They both closed their eyes and Mrs. Rabbit blew out the candle near their bed. Mr. Rabbit asked, âœWhy are we blowing out the candle?â Mrs. Rabbit replied, âœItâs an ordinary thing to do when you go to sleep.â âœOh! Thatâs cool!â replied Mr. Rabbit. The two Rabbits closed their eyes and went to sleep. When they woke up the next morning, Mrs. Rabbit lit the candle again. The Rabbits enjoyed the gentle light and knew it was time to start their day.Once there was a little girl, who was very hungry. She had not eaten anything all day. She looked around and saw a daisy in a nearby field and decided she would pick it. So she skipped over to the field and wandered around, picking the daisy carefully. She plucked off each petal one by one. She grabbed a few more daisies, enjoying the feeling of their soft petals in her hands. The little girl was so hungry, so she decided to part with the daisies and eat them. She took the petals off each daisy and chewed them up. They were sweet and tasted so good. The little girl was no longer hungry. She was so happy! She smiled and looked at the daisy field one last time before heading home.Once upon a time there was a little girl name Mimi who was three years old. She had one special wish. Mimi wanted to see the ceiling of her bedroom. So every night, before she went to sleep, Mimi would enter her bedroom and look up at the ceiling. But the ceiling in Mimis room was so tall! Mimi was not tall enough to reach it. She wanted to see if it was pretty, or if it was plain. She wished so hard to touch the ceiling, but it was too high up. One day, Mimis parents told her they had a surprise. They had bought a cheap ladder. Now Mimi could climb the ladder and touch the ceiling! Mimi was so excited. She enter her bedroom and climbed the ladder up, up until she was able to reach the ceiling. And when she touched it, it was smooth, and cool, and beautiful! It was the best surprise ever. The cheap ladder had allowed Mimi to make her wish come true!Once upon a time, in a land full of bright colors, there was a crane. The crane had a name, and his name was Bob. Bob the crane loved to play with his friends in the sun. One day, Bob met a new friend. The new friend was a frog. The frog said, Hi, my name is Lily. What is your name? Bob the crane smiled and said, My name is Bob. Nice to meet you, Lily! They played together all day long. As the sun went down, Bob and Lily were tired from playing. They said bye to each other and went home to their families. Bob the crane was happy to have a new friend. He could not wait to play with Lily the frog again tomorrow.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with glue and make pretty pictures. One day, Lilys friend came over to play. They started to make a big picture together, but it was difficult to stick all the pieces together. Lilys friend said, I dont want to play anymore. This is too difficult. But Lily did not want to give up. She said, Lets keep trying. We can do it! After a while, they finally finished the picture. Lilys friend was so happy and said, You were right, Lily. We did it! Im sorry I lied and said it was too difficult. Lily forgave her friend and they had lots of fun playing with glue and making more pictures together.Anna and Ben were friends. They liked to play in the park. One day, they saw a big brown box near the slide. They ran to the box and looked inside. What is it? Anna asked. I dont know. Lets find out! Ben said. They climbed into the box and closed the flap. It was dark inside. They could not see anything. Are you scared? Anna whispered. No, Im not. Are you? Ben whispered back. No, Im not. Im excited! Anna said. They heard a noise outside. It sounded like a dog. They felt something moving in the box. What is that? Ben asked. I dont know. Lets open the flap! Anna said. They opened the flap and saw a brown puppy. It was wagging its tail and licking their faces. Hello, puppy! Anna and Ben said. They hugged the puppy and laughed. They were happy. They had found a new friend.Lily and Tom are friends. They like to play with toys and books. One day, they find a weird toy in the park. It is a big box with buttons and a screen. Lily and Tom are curious. They press the buttons and see what happens. Look, Tom, the screen has words! Lily says. What do they say? Tom tries to read the words. He knows some letters, but not all. He says, It says...message...from...space. What is space? Lily shrugs. She does not know what space is. She thinks it is a place far away. She says, Maybe it is where the stars are. Do you think someone from the stars sent us a message? Tom nods. He thinks that is cool. He says, Maybe they want to be our friends. Maybe they have toys and books too. Lily and Tom smile. They press another button. The screen changes. It shows a picture of a green face with big eyes and a funny mouth. The face says, Hello, earth kids. We are from space. We want to play with you. Can you clap your hands? Lily and Tom are surprised. They see the face and hear the voice. They think it is a joke. They look around, but they do not see anyone. They wonder who is hiding and making the voice. They decide to play along. They clap their hands. The face on the screen claps too. It says, Good, good. You are smart and fun. We like you. Do you want to see more of us? Lily and Tom are curious. They want to see more of the space friends. They nod and say, Yes, yes. Show us more. The face on the screen smiles. It says, OK, OK. We will show you more. But first, you have to do something for us. You have to give us your toys and books. We need them for our space mission. Can you do that? Lily and Tom are confused. They do not understand why the space friends need their toys and books. They like their toys and books. They do not want to give them away. They shake their heads and say, No, no. We cannot do that. We need our toys and books too. They are ours. The face on the screen frowns. It says, No, no. You have to do that. We are your space friends. You have to listen to us. We will not show you more if you do not give us your toys and books. We will be angry. We will go away. Do you want that? Lily and Tom are scared. They do not want the space friends to be angry. They do not want them to go away. They do not know what to do. They look at each other. They do not like this game anymore. They think it is weird and mean. They want to stop. They say, No, no. We do not want that. But we do not want to give you our toys and books either. We do not think you are our space friends. We think you are bad. We do not want to play with you. We want to go home. They turn off the box. They grab their toys and books. They run away from the park. They do not look back. They do not see the face on the screen change. It is not a green face anymore. It is a red face. It is angry. It says, Bad, bad. You are not smart and fun. You are silly and rude. We do not like you. We will find other earth kids to play with. We will get their toys and books. We will not stop. We are from space. We are clever and strong. You will see.Once upon a time, there was a round orange ball who wanted more than anything to reach the top of the hill. He tried and he tried, but the hill was so big and he was so small that he couldnt do it on his own. He saw a dependable old friend of his and asked for his help. The friend said yes, and together they started to struggle up the hill. The round orange ball kept slipping because the hill was so steep, but his friend kept pushing him along bit by bit. Finally, the round orange ball made it to the top of the hill. He was so happy and thanked his dependable friend for helping him. With a smile, the two of them ran back down the hill, never to forget their struggle up the hill that day.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved music and wanted to start a band with her friends. One day, she asked her friend Timmy if he wanted to be in her band. Timmy said yes and they were very happy. Lily said, We need more friends to complete our band. Who else can we ask? Timmy said, My sister is good at singing. Lets ask her! They asked Timmys sister and she said yes. They practiced their music every day. Lily played the drums, Timmy played guitar, and Timmys sister sang. One day, they had a big concert. Lily was nervous because her drums were delicate and she didnt want them to break. But the concert went well and everyone loved their music. They were a complete band and had so much fun playing together.Once upon a time, there was a big lion. The lion was very powerful and he liked to show his power to other animals. One day, a little rabbit saw the lion and got scared. The lion saw the rabbits face and thought it was funny that the little rabbit was scared of him. The lion started to chase the rabbit, but the rabbit was too fast for him. The rabbit ran and ran until he got to a big hole. The rabbit jumped into the hole and the lion couldnt follow him. The rabbit felt safe in the hole, but he was also sad that he couldnt play with the other animals because he was too scared of the lion. Then, a wise old owl appeared and told the rabbit that the lion was not as powerful as he thought. The owl revealed that the lion was actually scared of something else. The rabbit felt better knowing that the lion was not as scary as he thought. The next day, the rabbit saw the lion again, but this time he wasnt scared. He looked the lion in the face and saw that the lion was actually afraid of the dark. From that day on, the rabbit and the lion became friends and played together without any fear.Once there was a curious little girl. She wanted to find a treasure. But to get it she had to ride her bike very far. She had heard there was a treasure far away in the woods. She thought it would be hard to get there but she was very excited. The next day, she got on her bike and began to ride. After a few hours of riding her tires started to get flat. The little girl was worried and looked around for help. Just then, she spotted a cute bunny hopping by. It looked friendly and she decided to trust it. The bunny hopped closer and motioned for her to follow it. The little girl followed the bunny deep into the woods. After a while they reached a clearing. There, in the center was a large chest. The little girl realized she had gotten her treasure! She was so excited. From then on she would always take her bicycle on adventures in the woods.One day, a lawyer went to the park. He was glad because it was sunny. He saw a little girl with a red ball. The girl was sad because her ball was stuck in a tree. The lawyer said, I can help you. He took a long stick and got the ball out of the tree. The girl was so happy. She said, Thank you! The lawyer was glad he could help. He said, Youre welcome! The girl and the lawyer played with the ball. They had a fun day at the park.Once upon a time there was an old man who lived in a dark cave. He had an ancient sword that he kept very safe. Every day he took the sword out and practiced with it. He wanted to be strong and brave. One day, he suddenly heard a noise. It was a small mouse that had come to visit the old man. It looked at the sword and wanted to play with it. But the old man did not permit it. The mouse was sad but then it had an idea. It asked the old man if it could help him sharpen the sword. The old man said that it could, as long as it was careful. So the mouse took the sword and sharpened it with some rocks. The sword was now even sharper and even glowed in the dark. The old man was very pleased and thanked the little mouse. The mouse was happy that it had helped and scurried away.Once upon a time there lived a small mouse. He lived in a dark cave and wanted to find the light. He tried to find a way out of the cave but it was full of twists and turns. He could not find his way out. One day he decided to escape. He ran as fast as he could but the darkness seemed to go on forever. He could barely see anything and became scared. But then he saw a small light in the distance! He followed the light until it was brighter and brighter. He was very slow, but he kept going until he reached the outside of the cave. He was so happy to finally see the daylight! He felt freedom and relief. He ran around, enjoying the sunlight, until he saw a bolt of lightening across the sky. He was mesmerised. He had finally escaped the darkness and found the light.Once there was a little girl. Her name was Lucy and she was three years old. Lucy had a wardrobe in her bedroom and she liked to stand in front of it. One day, she was looking in the wardrobe when she saw something inside. It was a tiny elf! The elf was very helpful and said he wanted to help Lucy. So the elf started to move in and out of the wardrobe, getting things that Lucys mommy and daddy said she needed. He would even help her get dressed in the mornings. Lucy was so happy to have the helpful elf living in her wardrobe. He was like a magical friend and she loved him very much.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the park with her friends. One day, they found a big green structure to climb on. Lilys friend, Timmy, said Be careful, the edges are sharp! Lily replied, Dont worry, Ill be careful. She climbed up the structure and looked down at Timmy. I can see everything from up here! Timmy smiled and said, Wow, youre so brave! Lily felt proud of herself and they continued to play on the green structure for the rest of the day.Lily and Tom are friends. They like to play in the park. One day, they see a big wire fence. Behind the fence, there are many animals. Lily and Tom want to see the animals. Look, Tom, a lion! Lily says. She points to a big, yellow animal with a mane. He is so attractive. He has a loud roar. Yes, he is attractive, but he is also scary, Tom says. He sees the lions sharp teeth and claws. We should not go near him. He might hurt us. Lily and Tom walk along the fence. They see more animals. They see a zebra, a giraffe, a monkey, and a bird. They are all attractive and different. Lily and Tom are happy. But then, they see a hole in the fence. The hole is big enough for them to crawl through. Lily and Tom are curious. They want to go inside the fence and touch the animals. Come on, Tom, lets go inside, Lily says. She runs to the hole and starts to crawl. No, Lily, stop! Tom says. He runs after her and grabs her hand. It is not safe. The animals might bite us or kick us. We should stay outside. Lily and Tom look at each other. They are both afraid and excited. They do not know what to do. Should they go inside or stay outside?Once upon a time, there was a girl named Joy. She had a very unique start in life and loved to explore. One day, she decided to go on an adventure. Joy walked and walked until she saw something special it was a river! She was so excited. She ran over to the river and put her toes in the cold water. She gaspedit was so cold! After a few seconds, Joy noticed that the water was beginning to get warmer. Then she saw something strangethe river was melting away! Joy was amazed. She had never seen anything like it before. She watched as the river melted away and she knew it was unique. The melted river made her day extra special. Joy was so happy with her own unique start.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Tim. He had a toy sword that he loved to play with. One day, while playing, Tims sword broke. He was very sad and wanted to repair it. Tim went to his mom and said, Mom, my sword is broken. Can you help me fix it? His mom looked at the sword and said, Yes, we can repair it, but we need to make it safe so you dont get hurt. The next day, Tim and his mom went to the store to find something to make the sword safe. They found a soft cover for the sharp part of the sword. They put the cover on the sword, and it was fixed and safe to play with again. Tim was so happy and said, Thank you, Mom, for helping me repair my sword and making it safe. From that day on, Tim played with his sword every day, and he was always careful to keep it safe.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim liked to play with his blocks. He wanted to build a big tower with them. But every time he tried, the tower would fall down. This made Tim feel frustrated. One day, Tims friend, Sue, came to play with him. Sue saw Tims tower and said, I can help you complete it! Tim was happy to have Sues help. They started to build the tower together. With Sues help, Tim was able to complete the tower. The result was a big, tall tower that didnt fall down. Tim and Sue were so happy. They clapped and laughed. They played with the tower all day long. And Tim was not frustrated anymore.Once upon a time, there was a little bunny named Benny. He loved to eat carrots and play with his friends. One day, Benny found a menu in the forest. It had pictures of all kinds of yummy foods on it. Benny wanted to try everything on the menu! So, he asked his friend, a little bird named Billy, Can you help me buy everything on this menu? Billy replied, Im sorry Benny, but we dont have enough money to buy everything on the menu. Benny was sad, but then he had an idea. He said, Lets have a picnic and bury some of our favorite foods in the ground. Then, we can come back later and dig them up! Billy thought it was a great idea and they had a picnic together. They buried some carrots and berries in the ground and covered them up. A few days later, they came back and dug up their buried foods. They were so happy and excited! Benny learned that its important to be creative and find solutions when things dont go as planned. And he also learned that sharing with friends makes everything more adorable!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Sally. She had a pretty curtain in her room. The curtain was pink and had flowers on it. Sally liked to play hide and seek behind the curtain. One day, Sally found a fake toy snake. She thought it would be fun to play a trick on her brother, Tom. Sally put the fake snake on the floor and went to hide behind the curtain. She called Tom to come to her room. Tom walked into the room and saw the snake. He was scared at first, but then he saw the snake was fake. He laughed and said, Silly Sally, you cant trick me! Sally came out from behind the curtain and they both laughed. From that day on, Sally and Tom had lots of fun leading each other on adventures and playing tricks with the fake snake.Billy was out on a walk with his mother when he saw something strange ahead of them. His mother stopped and said, Look, Billy, do you see that big wreck? What happened? asked Billy. His mother sighed, Someone drove too fast and crashed their car. Thats why it is so important to take things slowly and be careful. Now, lets keep walking so we can get home soon. Billy nodded and followed his mother. The sun was getting low in the sky now and Billy was getting very tired. His mother said, We need to hurry, Billy! But Billy just couldnt keep up anymore. I need to rest, he said with a bitter voice. His mother looked at him and said, Let me load you up, Sweetie. With a big smile, Billy climbed onto his mothers back and they soon returned home. Billy learned that day that it was important to take things slowly and take caution. He also learned that it was ok to ask for help when he couldnt do something alone. Billy never forgot the lesson of the wreck.Lily and Tom were twins who liked to help their mom in the kitchen. One day, mom asked them to watch the eggs in the pan while she went to get some bread. Dont let them spoil, she said. They will be yucky if they cook too long. Lily and Tom nodded and stayed by the stove. They saw the eggs turn white and yellow in the hot pan. They smelled good and made a sizzling sound. Lily and Tom felt hungry and wanted to taste them. Can we have one? Lily asked Tom. Maybe, Tom said. But mom said not to spoil them. Lily reached for the pan handle, but it was very hot. She burned her hand and cried out. Tom tried to help her, but he bumped the pan and spilled the eggs on the floor. They made a big mess. Mom heard the noise and came back to the kitchen. She saw the eggs and the pan and the twins. She was very grumpy. What did you do? she asked. You spoiled the eggs and the pan and the floor! Lily and Tom felt sorry and scared. They said they were sorry and they wanted to help. Mom sighed and hugged them. She said she was not mad, but they had to be careful and listen. She said they could have some bread and jam instead of eggs. Lily and Tom said thank you and helped mom clean the mess. They learned not to touch the hot pan and to watch the eggs. They still liked to help in the kitchen, but they waited for mom to say when.Once, there was a small bug. It was an unusual bug. It could change its size. One day, it was playing near a tree. The bug saw a big ant. The ant was sad. It could not get food from the tree. The bug wanted to help the ant. So, it changed its size. It became one inch long. Now, the bug and the ant could get the food. They were happy. They played and ate together. The unusual bug and the ant became good friends.Sara liked to play with her dolls, but she did not like to clean up after. She left them on the floor, on the bed, on the table, everywhere. Her mom told her many times to put them away, but Sara did not listen. She said it was boring to clean up. One day, Saras mom had a surprise for her. She said they were going to visit a farm, where there were horses and cows and chickens. Sara was very happy, because she loved animals. She put on her coat and hat and ran to the car. When they got to the farm, Saras mom took her to the stable, where the horses were. Sara saw a big brown horse with a white spot on its nose. She wanted to pet it and feed it a carrot. But her mom said, No, Sara, you cannot go near the horse. You have to stay here and watch. Sara was confused and sad. She asked her mom why she could not play with the horse. Her mom said, Because you did not clean up your dolls, Sara. You were very naughty and did not do what I asked you. This is your punishment. You have to stay in this boring stable and look at the horse, but you cannot touch it or talk to it. Sara felt very sorry and wished she had listened to her mom. She realized that cleaning up was not so boring after all, and that it was better than missing out on fun things. She said to her mom, Im sorry, mom, I was wrong. Please, can I play with the horse now? I promise I will clean up my dolls when we get home. Her mom smiled and hugged her. She said, I forgive you, Sara, but you have to keep your promise. You can play with the horse for a little while, but then we have to go. And when we get home, you have to put away your dolls and help me with the dishes. Sara nodded and said, Okay, mom, I will. Thank you for taking me to the farm. I love you. She ran to the horse and gave it a carrot and a pat. The horse neighed and licked her hand. Sara was happy and learned her lesson.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. Lily loved to bake with her mom. One day, her mom asked her to measure the flour for the cake they were making. Lily used a big spoon to scoop the flour and put it in the bowl. Suddenly, Lily heard a loud crack! She looked over and saw that her mom had accidentally dropped an egg on the floor. Lily helped her mom clean up the egg and they continued baking. When the cake was done, Lilys mom put fancy icing on top. Lily was so happy to see the fancy cake they had made together. She couldnt wait to share it with her friends at school the next day.Once there was a loyal dolphin. Every day the dolphin would crawl slowly to the beach. He was looking for someone to play with. One day, the dolphin saw a three year old boy standing by the sea. The dolphin jumped out of the water and smiled. The boy was excited and started to crawl toward the dolphin. The boy and the dolphin started to play together. They would swim and dive in the ocean. The loyal dolphin even let the boy ride on his back. The loyal dolphin and the three year old boy became good friends. They would spend time together every day. The dolphin was so happy to have a new friend.Lily and Sam liked to play with their vehicles. They had cars, trucks, buses and trains. They made noises and moved them around the floor. They had fun. One day, Mom said they had to go to the store. She told them to bring their favorite vehicles. Lily chose a red car and Sam chose a blue truck. They put them in their pockets and went with Mom. At the store, they saw many things. They saw fruits, vegetables, bread, milk and cookies. They helped Mom put them in the cart. They also saw toys, books, clothes and shoes. They wanted to look at them, but Mom said no. She said they had enough things at home. Lily and Sam felt sad. They wanted to play with the new toys. They took out their vehicles and started to play with them on a shelf. They made noises and moved them around. They had fun. But then, a man came and said they had to stop. He said they were making a mess and bothering the other people. He told them to put their vehicles away and follow their Mom. He was angry. Lily and Sam felt scared. They quickly put their vehicles in their pockets and ran to Mom. They said they were sorry. Mom said it was okay, but they had to be careful and quiet at the store. She said they could play with their vehicles when they got home. She was calm. Lily and Sam nodded. They held Moms hand and went to the checkout. They paid for the things and left the store. They got in the car and buckled their seatbelts. They took out their vehicles and played with them on their laps. They made noises and moved them around. They had fun. They looked at Mom and smiled. Mom looked at them and smiled. They were happy. They shut the car door and drove home.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her dolls and run around in her backyard. One day, her mommy mentioned that they were going to a big hall for a party. Lily was so excited! She loved parties and getting dressed up in pretty dresses. As they drove to the hall, Lilys mommy noticed that she was getting anxious. Whats wrong, sweetie? she asked. I dont know, Lily replied. I just feel funny. Her mommy explained that it was normal to feel a little nervous before a big event. When they arrived at the hall, Lilys eyes widened in amazement. It was huge! There were balloons and streamers everywhere, and a big table full of yummy treats. Lily ran around, playing with the other children and having a great time. As the party was winding down, Lilys mommy mentioned that they were going to have a surprise for her when they got home. Lilys heart raced with excitement. When they arrived home, her mommy led her to her bedroom, where a brand new dollhouse was waiting for her. Lily was overjoyed and hugged her mommy tightly, thanking her for such a wonderful day.Once there was a girl called Daisy. Daisy was very stubborn. She wanted to fill a bucket but it was too heavy for her. So Daisy decided to get help from her big sister. Her big sister said, âœWhy donât you fill it a little at a time? Put some into the bucket until you cannot put any more in.â So Daisy put lots of small pieces of wood into the bucket, until finally it was full. She started carrying the bucket away, but she couldnât take it far. Her little heel got stuck in the mud, and no matter how hard she tried, she couldnât pull it free. Daisy started to cry, but her big sister seemed to know just what to do. She ran and got some rope from the house, and with it she tied the bucket to Daisyâs hands. Daisy could now pull the bucket along with her feet, without getting her heel stuck in the mud again. And thatâs how Daisy filled her bucket, even though she was very stubborn.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Sally. Sally loved to visit her grandmas house. Grandma had a big, pretty house that was very organized. Sally liked to play with her toys there. One day, Sally saw a frame on the wall. It had a picture of a happy family inside. Sally asked, Grandma, who is in this frame? Grandma smiled and said, That is a picture of your mommy and daddy when they were little like you. Sally loved to look at the frame and think about her mommy and daddy being little. She would visit Grandmas house and look at the frame every time. It made her feel happy and loved.Sara and Tom were playing in their room. They had many toys and books, but they wanted to do something new. Sara had an idea. Lets dress up like mom and dad! she said. We can use their clothes and hats and shoes. Tom liked the idea. He ran to their closet and found a big shirt and a tie. Sara found a dress and a scarf. They put on the clothes and looked at each other. They laughed. We look funny! Tom said. Lets go to the kitchen and pretend to cook! Sara said. They went to the kitchen and saw a big oven. Mom had put a cake in the oven before she went to the store. She told them not to touch the oven, because it was very hot. But Sara and Tom did not remember. Sara opened the oven and saw the cake. It smelled good. It had thick chocolate on top. Wow, look at the cake! Sara said. Can we have some? Tom nodded. He reached for the cake. But he did not see the oven mitts. He touched the cake pan with his hand. It was very hot. He screamed. Ow, ow, ow! he cried. It hurts! Sara was scared. She closed the oven and ran to Tom. She saw his hand was red and swollen. Tom, are you okay? she asked. We need to tell mom! They heard the door open. Mom came back from the store. She heard Tom crying and Sara calling. She ran to the kitchen and saw what happened. Oh, no! she said. What did you do? She took Tom to the sink and put his hand under cold water. She hugged him and Sara and said sorry. We were playing dress up and we wanted some cake, Sara said. We forgot you said not to touch the oven. Mom sighed. She was angry, but she was also glad they were not hurt more. I know you were playing, but you have to listen to me, she said. The oven is very dangerous. You could have burned yourself badly. You have to be careful. Sara and Tom nodded. They said sorry too. They learned their lesson. They did not play with the oven again. They waited for the cake to cool down and then mom gave them a slice. It was still good. They said thank you and hugged mom. They loved her. She loved them too.Once there was a tight purple balloon. It floated around in the sky and looked very pretty. One day, a naughty bird flew by and it wanted to play with the balloon. The bird grabbed the balloon tight in its claws and flew away. The bird flew higher and higher and took the balloon with it. It flew over a big forest and the balloon kept getting smaller and smaller. The bird kept flying and soon the balloon was all gone. The bird had stolen the balloon. But it had a surprise when it opened its claws. Inside were lots of pretty purple stars that fell down and sparkled in the sky! The naughty bird had stolen the balloon, but it was very happy to see the stars in its place.Tom and Lily were playing in the woods. They liked to find new things and have fun. They saw a big hole in the hill. It was a cave. They wanted to see what was inside. Lets go in the cave! Tom said. OK, but be careful. It might be dark and scary, Lily said. They took a flashlight and stepped into the cave. It was very dark and cold. They saw some rocks and some bats. They heard some water dripping. They walked deeper into the cave. Suddenly, they heard a loud roar. It was a bear. The bear was angry. It did not like visitors in its home. It saw Tom and Lily and ran towards them. Run! Tom shouted. They turned around and ran back to the cave entrance. They stepped as fast as they could. The bear was behind them. It was very big and very fast. They reached the cave entrance and ran out. They saw their mom and dad waiting for them. They were worried. Tom! Lily! Where were you? We were looking for you! Mom said. We were in the cave. There was a bear. It was angry. It chased us. We were scared, Lily said. Oh, you poor things. You are safe now. Come here and give us a hug, Dad said. They hugged their mom and dad. They were glad they were out of the cave. They learned a lesson. They would not go into caves again. They would stay with their mom and dad. They would play in the woods, but not in the caves.Once upon a time, there was a little boy called Jack. Jack wanted to zoom, so he ran around the garden. He moved his hands really fast and the wind tickled them. Next, he zoomed around with his bike. He moved so fast his mum couldnt catch him! Finally, Jack stopped to rest. He put his obedient hands up to his face and smiled. His mum came up and hugged him. She said Well done, Jack. You are so obedient. Jack smiled and said, Lets zoom again! So soon Jack and his mum were zooming around the garden again. They laughed and smiled. They zoomed wherever their feet and hands wanted to take them. And they had so much fun!Once upon a time, there was a jolly rabbit named Benny. Benny loved to hop and play in the forest all day long. One day, Benny met a little girl named Lily. Lily was lost and scared in the forest. Benny asked, Are you lost, little girl? Lily replied, Yes, I am. I cant find my way home. Benny said, Dont worry, I will protect you and help you find your way home. But first, lets have a meal together. Benny and Lily sat down and had a yummy meal of carrots and lettuce. After their meal, Benny hopped along with Lily and led her safely back to her home. Lily was so happy to have met Benny and thanked him for protecting her. From that day on, Benny and Lily became the best of friends and played together in the forest every day.Once upon a time there were two friends, Joe and Kate. Joe liked to pinch Kates shoulder when he wanted to play a game. But sometimes he would pinch her too hard and it would hurt. Kate would say, Ouch! That hurt! Then Joe would stop and say, Sorry Kate. I didnt mean to pinch you hard like that. So Joe and Kate would hug and makeup and go off to play their game. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily who loved to play with her toys. One day, she found a shiny piece of metal on the ground. She picked it up and showed it to her friend, Timmy. Look what I found! said Lily. Timmy looked at the piece and said, Wow, thats really cool! I wish I had found it first. Im envious of you. Lily smiled and said, You can have it if you want. It appeared out of nowhere, so maybe its meant for you. Timmy was very happy and thanked Lily for her kindness. From then on, they played together with the shiny piece and had lots of fun. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. Lily loved to play outside in her big yard. One sunny day, she saw something shiny under a big tree. She went to look and found a small box. Inside the box, Lily discovered pretty jewelry. There was a necklace with orange stones. Lily put on the orange necklace and showed it to her mom. Her mom said, Lily, that jewelry is not yours. We need to find who it belongs to. But Lily wanted to keep the pretty necklace. She did not listen to her mom and played with the jewelry all day. The next day, a sad lady came to Lilys house. She was looking for her lost jewelry. Lilys mom knew it was the ladys jewelry, but Lily did not want to give it back. The lady went away sad, and Lily felt bad. She learned it is not good to keep things that do not belong to her.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Amy. She loved to eat popcorn. One day, her mom bought a big bag of cheap popcorn. Amy was very happy. Amys mom said, Lets wrap the popcorn in a pretty bag and share it with our friends. So, they found a nice bag and put the popcorn inside. They wrapped the bag with a bow. Amy and her mom went to their friends house. Amy said, We have a gift for you! Her friends opened the bag and saw the popcorn. They all smiled and said, Thank you! They ate the popcorn together and had a fun day.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play in the park with her friends. One day, she found a bright stick on the ground. She picked it up and showed it to her friend, Timmy. Wow, thats a cool stick! Timmy said. Lily replied, Yeah, its so bright! I want to keep it forever. But as they were playing, Lily accidentally dropped the stick and it broke in half. She was sad and didnt know what to do. Suddenly, Timmy had an idea. Lets change the stick into something else! he said. They collected some leaves and flowers and used them to glue the stick back together. When they were done, they had created a beautiful wand that sparkled in the sun. Lily was so happy that her broken stick had turned into something even better. From that day on, they played with their new wand every time they went to the park.Once upon a time there was a soldier. He was wearing a big, hot suit and he was walking in the desert. Suddenly, he saw something moving. He was scared so he slapped it with his hand. It was only a little sand bug! The soldier felt bad and said sorry to the bug. He kept walking, but then he heard something else moving. This time it was a snake! The soldier was scared again, so he slapped the snake with his hand and the snake slithered away. The soldier was so hot that he needed a drink of water. He walked for a few more minutes until he reached a lake. Then he jumped in the lake and splashed around. He was so happy to have some cool water and was so glad he had not slapped the lake. He smiled and said âœYay!âOnce there was a fisherman. He went out on a boat every day to catch fish. The water was always tight and the wind was strong. One day, the fisherman saw something in the water. It was a shiny fish! He put it in his fishing net, which he always brought on his boat. Suddenly, something else came out of the water. It was a crab! It was so tight that the fisherman couldnt get it off the hook. But then the crab bit the fishermans hand and ran away. The fisherman chased it and eventually brought it back to the boat. He was so happy! The fisherman was so proud of what he brought back from the water. He cooked the crab for dinner and watched the sunset. He was happy that he had a successful day fishing.Once upon a time, there were two friends Sam and Lucy. Sam was a jolly boy and he always had a smile on his face. Lucy was also a happy girl, but she was often in bad moods. One day, Lucy and Sam were walking in the forest, looking for something nice. When they passed by a big tree, Lucy saw something that caught her eye. She smiled and said to Sam, Look! Its a lovely doll in that tree! But when she looked closer, she didnt find it. She was sad and angry. Then, Sam said to her, Dont worry, lets keep looking. We will find something nice. So, they kept on walking. Soon, they found a basket with jolly toys. Lucy was excited and she smiled widely. She said to Sam, We found something nice! Im so happy! At that moment, Sam and Lucy learned an important lesson nothing ever passes by if you look hard with a positive attitude. Often, you find what you are looking for only when you can keep a jolly spirit.Once upon a time, there was a charming engine that lived in a nearby town. Everyone in the town loved the engine and it made everyones life easier. One day, the engine disappeared and the citizens wondered what had happened. They all decided to search for the engine, but no one could find it. Suddenly, a little boy came running into the town. He said he knew where the engine was! Everyone was excited and asked him to tell them where it was. The boy said that he had seen the engine in the forest and all the animals were using it to play with. The citizens were really confused, but they thanked the boy, even though they were disappointed. They then all went to the forest and asked the animals to give back the engine. After some time and a bit of convincing, they were able to get the engine back! The citizens were so happy, they decided to have a huge celebration. Everyone celebrated with the charming engine and thanked the little boy for helping them out.Once upon a time there was a little girl called Lily. She always liked to go exploring in her garden, where she could find lots of interesting things. One day, Lily spotted a big cobweb in the garden. She wanted to take a closer look, so she stepped closer and reached out to touch it. Suddenly, a rude crow swooped down and grabbed the cobweb! Lily shouted wantingly, but the crow flew away without looking back. Thats not very nice! Lily said. Lily was sad the crow had stolen her cobweb, but she decided to make something else instead. She gathered some materials from around the garden and spent the day knitting a beautiful scarf. At the end of the day, Lily showed her new scarf off to her mom. You made this all by yourself? asked her mom, looking impressed. Well done, Lily! Thats much better than a rude crow stealing cobwebs! And Lily smiled, proud of herself for making something so beautiful from her stolen cobweb.Once upon a time, there was a young girl named Maya. She lived in a big house with her parents and her siblings. Every day, her mom and dad would unpack the car full of stuff they bought at the store. One day, Maya and her family went to a high mountain. She was so excited! When they got to the top, she saw a quiz there. Maya asked her parents, âœWhatâs that?â Her parents answered, âœItâs a quiz! We can play together. Letâs unpack it and find out how to play.â So, they unpacked the quiz box and found rules and pieces. Then Maya and her family all worked together to play the quiz. They had so much fun! After the game was over, Maya hugged her parents and thanked them for the high adventure.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Clara and her mom. Clara was very sick and her mom wanted to see if her fever had gone down. Claras mom thought that the best way to do that was to take out Claras thermometer. Claras mom said to Clara, âœI am going to pull out your thermometer sweetie, so that I can see if your fever is better.â Clara nodded and was very calm as her mom pulled the thermometer out of its box. Once the thermometer was out, her mom smiled, âœYour fever is much better now, lets go have a nice rest.â The moral of this story is a little patience goes a long way! If we take our time, we can get things done calmly and efficiently. Plus it also encourages positive health outcomes.Once there was a farmer who had a big flock of sheep. Every day, the farmer would wake up early and go and check on his sheep. One day when he went to check on his sheep, he was worried. None of the sheep were there! He looked around, but no sheep were in sight. The farmer was very worried, so he called out for his sheep. He shouted, Sheep! Where are my sheep? He listened for a response, but all he heard was silence. He searched everywhere, but still no sheep! The farmer got very angry and started to demand that his sheep return. Sheep! I demand that you come back to the farm this instant! he shouted. Suddenly, he heard some noises coming from the nearby woods. He ran towards the woods, and what did he see? His sheep! All of his sheep had been hiding in the woods. They had been worried, and so they had gone to hide. The farmer was very relieved. He thanked the sheep for returning, and they happily returned to the farm. From then on, the farmer made sure to check on his sheep every day.Once upon a time, there lived a little sheep named Dot. She was curious and adventurous, and always wanted to explore the world. One day, Dot noticed a bright red collar on a nearby tree and decided to investigate. She walked over to the tree, but just as she got close, a big and harsh voice said, Woah, what are you doing!? Startled, Dot looked up to see an old man standing in front of her. She realized the collar was his. He continued, This collar doesnt belong to you, and Im going to weigh it to make sure you havent taken anything! Dot replied, I was only examining it, I dont have anything! But the man didnt believe her, and so he weighed the collar on a nearby scale. The man was relieved when the collar weighed the same as before and he finally let Dot go. He said to Dot, Its important to remember that other peoples things dont belong to you okay? Dot nodded, understanding the mans intent, and ran away in search of her next adventure.Tommy was a bad boy. He liked to hit and make noise. One day, he slapped the old clock on the sideboard. His mom heard the loud noise and rushed into the room. Tommy! Why did you do that? Mom asked. Tommy was feeling guilty, so he looked away. He didnt know what to say. Tell me why you slapped the clock, Mom said again. Tommy was still quiet. Im waiting Tommy, Mom said. Tommy sighed. I wanted to see if it would make a funny noise, he said. Mom shook her head. No more slapping things! Its not nice, she said. Tommy looked down, feeling guilty. He knew he had made a mistake.Once upon a time, there was a big river. It was a nice day and the sun was very hot. The river was not easy to cross because it was very wide. One day, a little boy named Tim wanted to cross the river. He saw a big pile of snow near the river. Tim had an idea. He thought the snow could help him get across the river. Tim started to push the snow into the river. But the hot sun made the snow melt. The snow became water and joined the river. Tim was sad, but he learned that snow melts in the sun. He knew he had to find another way to cross the river.Once upon a time, there was a tall model named Lily. She liked to wear pretty dresses and walk on the runway. One day, something strange happen. Lilys dress got stuck on her shoe and she fell down. Oh no! said Lily as she got up. What happened? asked her friend, a little bear named Teddy. My dress got stuck on my shoe, replied Lily. Its okay though, Im not hurt. Teddy was relieved that Lily was okay. Youre still the prettiest model I know, he said. Lily smiled and thanked Teddy. From then on, she made sure to watch her step on the runway.Once upon a time, there was a player named Jack. Jack loved to play outside in the snow. One day, Jack slipped on some icy ice and fell down. He hurt his knee and had to pause playing for a little while. While Jack was resting, he saw a bird flying in the sky. The bird was so pretty and Jack wanted to play with it. But he knew he had to wait until his knee felt better. After a few days, Jacks knee felt better and he went back outside to play. He saw the bird again and this time he ran after it. The bird flew away, but Jack had fun chasing it. And he learned to be careful of icy ice so he wouldnt get hurt again. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little bunny named Benny. Benny loved to hop around in the garden and eat carrots. One day, Benny saw a big red radish growing in the ground. He had never seen anything like it before and wondered what it tasted like. Benny hopped over to the radish and took a little nibble. It was very spicy and made his nose tingle! Benny thought it was an ordinary carrot at first, but it was much different. He decided he liked it and ate the whole thing. From then on, Benny would always look for radishes in the garden. He wondered if there were any other vegetables that tasted as good as the radish. Benny was a happy bunny with a full tummy. The end.Once upon a time, there was a clown who loved to make people laugh. He would juggle balls and make silly faces, but he was always alone. He felt very lonely. One day, the clown went to the circus and saw a big bag of candy. He wanted it so badly, but he didnt have any money. Suddenly, he saw a man with a hat sneaking around. The man was trying to steal the candy! The clown knew he had to stop the man. He ran up to him and said, Hey! That candy is not yours to take! The man was surprised and dropped the bag. The clown picked it up and gave it to the circus owner. The owner was very happy and said, Thank you, clown! You saved the day! From that day on, the clown was never lonely again.Once there was a little boy named Jack. He loved to explore and be creative. One day he was playing in his living room and he found an old rug. It was so big and colorful that he chose to display it on the wall. When Jacks mom saw what Jack had done, she was amazed. Thats so creative, Jack! she said. Jack smiled and said, I knew the rug would look great up there! His mom said he could keep the rug up as long as he wanted, so Jack displayed it proudly. Every day he would look at it and be so proud of his creative achievement. His rug became a beloved part of Jacks living room.Mummy and Daddy had a surprise for me a new mattress! It was a regular one not too soft, not too hard. They told me it was just right. I asked them how I was allowed to use it and they replied with a smile. Its bedtime now, said Mum. You can jump on it, have pillow fights and use it for your dolls. I couldnt wait to try all the things I was allowed to do on the mattress. I jumped up and down with joy, and started pushing my dolls around on it. I played and laughed for hours, enjoying my new found freedom. Then suddenly Daddy appeared in the doorway and said, now that time is up, its time for you to get into bed. I knew he was right, so I gave one last bounce and got into bed. I was allowed to keep my mattress, and I fell asleep that night with a smile on my face.Once upon a time, there was a bee named Benny. Benny lived in a hive with his friends. They worked hard to make honey for their queen. One day, Benny found a powerful flower that had lots of nectar. He told his friends and they all went to the flower. They worked together to collect the nectar and bring it back to the hive. Benny felt proud and happy. He wanted to record this special moment in his diary so he could remember it forever.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Lily. Lily was very shy and she never spoke up. She was too scared to talk to anyone. One day, Lily was playing in the park when saw a bird in a tree. She asked her mom if she could reach out and hold the bird. Her mom said that the bird was too high up, so Lily should try talking to it. Lily was very scared, but she was brave and said hello to the bird. As soon as she spoke, the bird flew down and landed on her arm. To her surprise, Lily discovered that the bird was talking to her! It was the most gentle voice, and they had a wonderful chat. The bird thanked Lily for being brave enough to speak to him. They were happy, and Lily was no longer shy. She had found courage to use her voice!One day, a big cat was walking in the garden. He wanted to play. He looked around and saw something on the roof. He wanted to explore so he started to crawl up the roof. As he got to the top he saw a big bird. The bird was so surprised to see the cat. The cat was very excited, he wanted to say hello but the bird flew away. The cat felt sad and decided to crawl back down and continue playing in the garden.Once upon a time, there was a crazy bear. The bear loved to snap his own skull. Every day he would snap his skull so loudly the neighbours would complain. One day, a little fox heard the noise and decided to find out what was going on. When he got there, he saw the crazy bear and noticed he was snapping his skull. He asked the bear why he was doing this, but the bear just kept snapping his skull. The little fox didnt know what to do. He was scared of the bear and wanted to get away, but he knew he had to help the bear. He came up with an idea and offered to show the bear how to snap his skull quieter. The bear was sceptical at first, but the little fox taught him how to snap his skull with less noise. The bear was amazed and grateful and they became friends. From then on, they would snap their skulls together every day without bothering their neighbours.Once upon a time, there was a bird. The bird was gray and it liked to fly. One day, the bird flew too high and hit a tree. Its wing was hurt and it couldnt fly anymore. The birds friend came to help and said, I will fix your wing. The friend fixed the birds wing and soon the bird could fly again. They were happy and flew together in the sky.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Susie. She smiled at all of the creatures she saw when she walked out of her house each day. One day, she saw an animal with a big, fierce face. It was a lion! The lion walked towards her and Susie was scared. The lion came close and said, âœDont be scared, Susie. I promise I wont hurt you.â Susie was surprised and stepped back. The lion laughed and handed her a big jar. He explained that he wanted her to have the jar as a gift. The lion smiled and said, âœThis jar has magical powers. Whatever you wish for will come true, as long as you promise to use it wisely.â Susie was so excited! She hugged the lion tight and thanked him. Since then, Susie has taken great care of the jar. Whenever she has a wish, she pulls out the jar and closes her eyes. She whispers her wish, before tightly closing the jar again and making a promise to use it wisely.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved going to school because he got to see his friends and play with toys. One day, when Timmy got to the classroom, he saw that all the seats were taken. He felt sad because he couldnt find an available seat to sit in. But then, his teacher saw him standing and said, Timmy, come sit next to me! Timmy was happy because he found an available seat next to his teacher. He sat down and started to color a picture of a dinosaur. After class, Timmy went home and told his mom about his day. He said, Mom, I sat next to my teacher today because there were no available seats in the classroom. It was fun! His mom smiled and said, Im glad you had a good day at school, Timmy. And Timmy went to bed, dreaming about playing with his friends and finding an available seat in the classroom tomorrow.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. Lily loved to sleep, but sometimes she would have a nightmare. A nightmare is a bad dream that makes you feel scared. One night, Lily had a nightmare. She woke up and saw a monster staring at her. She was very scared and wanted to hide under her blanket. But then she remembered that her mom told her that monsters arent real. So, she took a deep breath and looked at the monster. She realized that it wasnt real, it was just her imagination. Lily felt better and went back to sleep. The next morning, she woke up feeling clear and happy. She was proud of herself for facing her nightmare.Once upon a time there was a boy who was brave and strong. He was always looking for ways to help people and have fun. One day he saw a pole in the field. He dared himself to climb the pole. He grabbed onto it, but it was very tall and he couldnt reach the top. He looked around and saw a ladder. It was very dull and made of wood, but it was tall enough to help him reach the top of the pole. He grabbed onto it and bravely started to climb. Slowly and steadily, he went higher and higher. He reached the top of the pole and smiled with pride. He had done it! He felt so happy and brave. He had taken a daring challenge, and he had succeeded. He was a hero!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to go on picnics with her family. One day, her mom said they were going on a picnic to the park. Lily was so happy that she jumped up and down. When they got to the park, Lily saw her friend, Timmy. He looked anxious and sad. Lily asked him what was wrong. Timmy said he lost his toy truck and couldnt find it. Lily frowned and felt sad for Timmy. Lilys mom suggested they all look for the toy truck together. They searched and searched until finally, they found it! Timmy was so happy and thanked Lily and her family for helping him. They all sat down and enjoyed their picnic together. It was a beautiful day and everyone was happy.Jack loved to learn new things. He was always looking for something new to discover. One day, his mother announced that they were going to a special lecture. Its a green lecture, said mom. It will be interesting to hear what the speaker has to say. Jack was excited. He helped his mom load the car and they started out on their adventure. When they arrived, they saw a huge room filled with green chairs. The speaker approached the podium and launched into the lecture. Jack eagerly listened to the lecture and learned a lot. When the lecture was finished, Jack and his mom said goodbye to the speaker and loaded up the car again. On the way home, Jack couldnt stop talking about the green lecture. From then on, Jack loved learning about new things and taking part in educational activities.Once there was a girl who loved to dress up. Every day, she chose her favourite outfit, and set off on an adventure. One day, the girl was trying to dress when she realized that her favourite dress was too small. She was very upset, but she was persistent and determined to find a way to make it fit. So, day after day, the girl worked hard. She stretched, pulled, and pinned her dress. She kept going until finally, the result was the perfect fit. The girl couldnt believe it â her hard work had paid off! She couldnt wait to show her friends her beautiful dress and how she had made it fit.Once upon a time, there was a little gray dog named Spot. Spot loved to play with his ball all day long. He was very good at catching it and bringing it back. Spot was a persistent dog, which means he never gave up. One day, Spots ball went into the woods. He wanted to get it back, but he was scared of the dark trees. His friend, a big bird named Tweet, saw Spot looking sad. Tweet wanted to help and encourage Spot to go into the woods. Encourage means to make someone feel brave and strong. Tweet said, Dont worry, Spot! I will go with you and we will find your ball together. Spot felt better with Tweet by his side. They walked into the woods and found the ball. Spot was so happy and thanked Tweet for being a good friend. From that day on, Spot and Tweet played together and encouraged each other to be brave and have fun.Billy and Jane were playing outside in the park. They were playing hide and seek and having so much fun. Suddenly, an icy drop came from the sky. Oh no said Jane, looking up. Billy followed her gaze and saw a cop in the sky. He was flying in a big and shiny helicopter carrying a bag filled with money. Billy and Jane were so excited. They watched the cop drop the money from the helicopter. Then the cop came down to join them and share some of the money with the two kids. They were so happy they had never seen so much money before! Soon Billy and Jane were playing with their newfound wealth. They had more money than they ever dreamed of. With the cops help, they started a lemonade business and shared their new riches with the whole neighbourhood. As they watched the sun go down, they looked up at the sky and waved goodbye to their cop friend. They thanked him for his generous gift of money and promised to always remember the day he made them wealthy.Once upon a time there was a rude girl called Helen. One day, Helen was playing with her scissors. She wanted to cut a picture of her best friend, Jack. But as she cut, her scissors got stuck! Helen was frustrated and she shouted at Jack. She was very rude to him. Jack didnt like it and he ran away. Helen chased after him, holding her scissors. But Jack was too fast and he managed to escape. So Helen stopped running and just stood still. She couldnt believe she had been so rude. Suddenly, she saw Jack a few metres away, looking at her sadly. Helen slowly smiled and waved at him. Jack smiled back and waved. The situation had ended. Jack and Helen both realised that being rude wasnt nice. They hugged and made up, then went off to play together.Once upon a time, there was a lazy cat named Tom. Tom liked to sleep all day and didnt like to play with his friends. One day, Toms friend, a curious mouse named Max, went on an adventure to discover new things. Max found a big box with a ruler inside. He didnt know what it was, but he wanted to measure things with it. So, he took the ruler and went back to Toms house. When Max got to Toms house, he saw Tom sleeping on the couch. Max wanted to measure how long Tom was, so he used the ruler to measure Toms body. To his surprise, Tom was longer than he thought! Tom woke up and saw Max measuring him. He was surprised too! Tom realized that he had been lazy and wanted to discover new things too. From that day on, Tom and Max went on many adventures together, measuring and discovering new things.Once upon a time, in a small house, there lived an elderly lady with her sister. They were very close and loved to take walks together. Every day, they would hold hands and walk around their garden, looking at the pretty flowers. One sunny day, the elderly ladys sister saw a big, red ball in the garden. She wanted to take it home and play with it. But the elderly lady said, No, we should not take things that are not ours. The sister did not listen and took the ball home. They played with the ball all day, laughing and having fun. But soon, a little boy came to their house, crying. He said the ball was his and he had lost it. The elderly lady and her sister felt very sad for taking the ball. The boy was angry and took his ball back. The sisters learned that it is not good to take things that do not belong to us. From that day on, they always remembered to be kind and honest.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. Lily loved to play with her toys. One day, Lily was playing with her favorite toy, a flexible rubber ball. She threw the ball up in the air, but it accidentally hit the window and broke it. Oh no! Lily was in trouble. Lilys mom came running into the room and saw the broken window. She asked Lily what happened, and Lily told her that she accidentally broke the window with her ball. Lilys mom was upset, but she knew that accidents happen sometimes. Lilys mom helped her clean up the broken glass and they talked about being more careful in the future. Lily learned that its important to be responsible and take care of her things. From that day on, Lily made sure to play with her toys in a safe place where nothing could break.Once upon a time there was a tall boy. He lived in a forest full of herbs. The boy loved being in the forest. Every day he went around to pick the different herbs. He became very good at it and soon he knew he was an herb expert. He decided to use his skills to help the other animals in the forest. He created special recipes with the herbs that made the animals much happier. One day the boy noticed a tall plant growing in the forest. He knew this was an unusual herb so he decided to try to make a recipe with it. He used special ingredients and eventually the recipe became very special. All the animals began to cheer. The tall boy had discovered a special new herb. All the animals in the forest were very happy. They thanked him for making such a wonderful recipe. From that day on the boy was known as the Herb Master.Tom and Anna are playing with their toys in the living room. Tom has a telephone that makes noises and lights up. Anna has a doll that she likes to dress up. Tom thinks his telephone is more fun than Annas doll. He says to Anna, My telephone is powerful. It can talk and beep and flash. Your doll is boring. It can only wear clothes. Anna feels sad and angry. She says to Tom, My doll is not boring. She is my friend. She can smile and hug and sing. Your telephone is noisy and rude. It can only annoy people. Tom and Anna start to argue. They raise their voices and pull each others toys. Their mom hears them and comes to the living room. She sees them fighting and says, Stop it, both of you. You are being unkind and selfish. You should share your toys and play nicely. How would you feel if someone took your toy and said mean things about it? Tom and Anna look at their mom and feel ashamed. They say, Sorry, mom. Sorry, Anna. Sorry, Tom. They hug and apologize to each other. They decide to swap their toys and try them out. Tom gives his telephone to Anna and Anna gives her doll to Tom. They press the buttons and make the noises. They dress up the doll and make her sing. They find out that both toys are fun and interesting. They laugh and enjoy playing together. Their mom smiles and says, Thats better. Im proud of you. You learned to respect and appreciate each others toys. You also learned to be generous and curious. You are good children. Now, why dont you call grandma with the telephone and tell her about your day? Tom and Anna nod and say, Yes, mom. We love you. We love grandma. We love our toys. They pick up the telephone and dial the number. They hope grandma will answer and hear their happy voices. They do not drop the telephone. They hold it carefully and gently. They know it is powerful, but also fragile. They know it is a gift, but also a responsibility. They know it is a toy, but also a tool. They know it is theirs, but also shared.Lila and Ben were playing in the garden. They liked to run and jump and laugh. They saw a big vine on the wall. It had many green leaves and purple flowers. Look, Lila, a vine! Ben said. Lets climb it and see whats on the other side. OK, Ben, but be careful. The vine may be weak and break, Lila said. They took hold of the vine and started to climb. They felt happy and curious. They wanted to see the other side of the wall. But the vine was not strong enough. It snapped and they fell down. They landed on the grass and hurt their knees and elbows. They cried and felt scared. Ow, ow, ow, it hurts! Lila said. Me too, me too, it hurts! Ben said. They hugged each other and prayed. They prayed to God to make them feel better and to help them go back to their house. God, please help us. We are sorry we climbed the vine. We are hurt and scared. Please make us feel better and show us the way home, they prayed. They heard a voice. It was their mother. She had heard their cries and came to find them. She saw them on the grass and ran to them. She was fast and kind. Lila, Ben, what happened? Are you OK? she asked. Mommy, mommy, we climbed the vine and fell down. We are hurt and scared. We prayed to God to help us, they said. Oh, my poor babies. Im so sorry. God heard your prayers and sent me to you. Let me see your wounds. Ill clean them and put some bandages on them. Then well go home and have some cookies and milk. Youll feel better soon, she said. She kissed them and hugged them. She cleaned their wounds and put some bandages on them. She held their hands and walked with them to their house. They felt better and loved. They learned a lesson. They learned not to climb the vine and to be careful. They learned to pray to God and to trust their mother. They thanked God and their mother for their help. They ate some cookies and milk and smiled. They were happy and safe.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a gloomy day because it was raining outside. She didnt want to go outside and play. She sat on her bed, feeling bored. Suddenly, she felt an itch on her foot. She tried to scratch it, but it wouldnt go away. Then, her little brother came into the room. He had a ball and wanted to play with Lily. She didnt want to play, but her brother insisted. He kicked the ball towards her and she kicked it back. They played for a while and Lily forgot about her itch. After they finished playing, Lily felt happy and not gloomy anymore. She realized that playing with her brother made her forget about her itch and made her feel better. From that day on, whenever she felt bored or gloomy, she would ask her brother to play with her and kick the ball around.Sara and Ben are friends. They like to play in the park. One day, they find a big box under a tree. They think it is a treasure. Wow, look at this! Sara says. Maybe there are toys or candy inside! Lets open it! Ben says. He tries to lift the lid, but it is too heavy. He asks Sara to help him. They push and pull, but the box does not move. They are sad. They want to see the treasure. Then, a tall man comes to the tree. He has a hat and a coat. He sees the box and the children. Hey, what are you doing? he says. He sounds angry. This is my box! Go away! Sara and Ben are scared. They do not know the man. They do not want to make him mad. But we found it first! Sara says. We want to see the treasure! There is no treasure! the man says. This is just a box of old books! They are mine! Now leave! He grabs the box and walks away. He does not look at the children. He does not say sorry. Sara and Ben frown. They are not happy. They think the man is mean. They wish they could see the treasure. They go to the swings and try to forget the box. They hope to find a real treasure someday.Once upon a time, there was a mule named Jack. Jack was a big animal with long ears and a brown coat. One day, Jack went for a walk in the forest. It was dark and he felt scared. Suddenly, he saw a light and he felt better. The light came from a house. Jack went closer to the house and he saw a man. The man gave Jack some food and water. Jack felt happy and he changed his mind about being scared. From that day on, Jack visited the man every time he felt scared in the dark forest.On a sunny morning, Mama and Baby went to the park. Mama spread out a beautiful blanket of velvet and Baby began to pray. Mama smiled and said, âœThatâs a good prayer, Baby.â Suddenly, a fierce dog came running over the hill. Baby was scared and tried to run away, but Mama held Baby tight. Mama said, âœWe must pray. So, close your eyes and pray.â So, Baby closed his eyes and prayed as fierce as he could. Mama hugged Baby and said, âœPray with me.â Then, the fierce dog changed and nuzzled against Baby and Mama. They all laughed with joy. After Baby and Mama finished their prayer, they all ran, jumped and laughed together. Mama packed up the velvet blanket and they walked home.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Max. He wanted to go on a trip with his family, but he was very tired. So he stayed home alone. He looked out the window to see everyone already off on their trip. He felt sad that he wasnt part of the family fun. Suddenly he heard a loud noise coming from the backyard. He went outside to investigate. To his surprise, he saw the familyâs old tree rotting away. Max was so disappointed. He decided that he needed to do something. He decided to take a nap to try and forget about the rotted tree. He thought maybe he could think of a way to make things right when he woke up. When Max woke up a few hours later, he found that the tree had completely rotted away. There was nothing Max could do. He felt so sad that he was away while this happened. He wished he had been there to prevent it from rotting. Then he sadly realized that he was too tired to help. The end.Billy wanted to play hide and seek. He felt that the best spot was behind a curtain, so he opened it up. The curtain was tough, but Billy was brave and so he pushed it back and crawled inside. He felt so safe and quiet, covered by the cloth. It was like he was hidden in a secret cave. As he curled up in the corner, he heard his mom call his name. Billy popped his head out from the curtain and looked around. All of his friends were gathered around and they were ready to start the game. He went out and joined them, ready to cover up and start counting. It was a lot of fun. They all took turns covering themselves up behind the tough curtain. They looked forward to the game every day and it became a regular routine. Billy continued to love the thrill of feeling hidden away in the secrecy of the curtain.Once upon a time, there was a warm day. A little boy named Tim went to play near a creek. He liked to watch the water move and listen to the sounds it made. One day, Tim saw something new in the creek. He wanted to examine it. It was a small, shiny thing. Tim tried to reach for it, but he fell into the water. The water was cold and Tim was scared. He cried for help, but no one was close to hear him. Tim tried to swim, but he could not. In the end, Tim could not get out of the creek, and it was a very sad day.Tom and Lily are going on a big trip with Mom and Dad. They are very happy and excited. They pack their bags and toys and get in the car. Mom and Dad drive to the airport. At the airport, they see many people and planes. They have to wait in a long line. Then they have to show their passports to a man. A passport is a small book with your name and picture. It tells where you are from and where you can go. Can I see your passport, please? the man asks Tom. Here you go, Tom says. He opens his passport and gives it to the man. The man looks at it and smiles. Very good, Tom. You have a reliable passport. It is not old or broken. It is valid and safe. You can go on the plane, the man says. Thank you, Tom says. He takes his passport back and puts it in his pocket. Can I see your passport, please? the man asks Lily. Here you go, Lily says. She opens her passport and gives it to the man. The man looks at it and frowns. Oh no, Lily. You have a problem. Your passport is not reliable. It is old and torn. It is not valid and safe. You cannot go on the plane, the man says. What? No! Lily says. She starts to cry. She does not want to stay at the airport. She wants to go on the big trip with Tom and Mom and Dad. Dont worry, Lily. We will fix this. We will get you a new passport. It will be fast and easy. Then you can go on the plane, Mom says. She hugs Lily and wipes her tears. Really? Lily says. Really, Mom says. They go to another place where they can get a new passport. They take a picture of Lily and fill out a form. They pay some money and wait for a little while. Then they get a new passport for Lily. It is shiny and new. It has her name and picture. It is reliable. Here you go, Lily. You have a new passport. It is reliable. It is valid and safe. You can go on the plane, the lady says. Thank you, Lily says. She opens her new passport and smiles. She is happy and excited again. They go back to the line and show their passports to the man. The man nods and lets them go. They walk to the gate and board the plane. They find their seats and buckle their belts. They are ready for the big trip. Are you happy, Lily? Tom asks. Yes, I am happy, Tom. I have a reliable passport. I can go on the big trip with you and Mom and Dad, Lily says. Me too, Lily. Me too, Tom says. They hold hands and look out the window. They see the plane take off and fly in the sky. They are going on a big trip. They are very happy and excited.Once upon a time there was a man called Tim. He was very weak and always felt sad. One day, he was out trying to find some food when he suddenly saw something shiny. It was a knife! He was so excited, he picked it up and took it home. At home, Tim examined the knife and found that it was very sharp and shiny. He knew that he could use it to cut food. He felt even more excited. He took the knife outside and tried to cut some vegetables. The vegetables were very hard and he had to push the knife very hard to cut them. He was so weak that he was having trouble. Suddenly, the knife slipped and Tim caught his finger! He was very scared and started to cry. He ran home and his mom put a bandaid on it. She hugged him and told him that he had to be very careful next time. Tim was sad but he was still excited about his new knife. He made sure to be very careful from now on and it made him feel a lot better.Lily wanted to wear her new coat with the big zipper. She liked how it made a sound when she pulled it up and down. She put on the coat and tried to zip it by herself. But the zipper was stuck. She pulled harder, but it did not move. Mommy, help me! she cried. The zipper is broken! Mommy came and looked at the coat. She saw that the zipper was not broken, but it was caught on some fabric. She gently freed the zipper and zipped it up for Lily. There you go, sweetie. The zipper is fine. You just have to be careful not to catch it on anything. Lily smiled and hugged Mommy. Then she looked at the coat again. She wanted to zip it by herself. She reached for the zipper and pulled it down. Lily, what are you doing? Mommy asked. Its cold outside. You need to keep your coat zipped up. Lily shook her head. She wanted to play with the zipper. She liked how it made a sound. She insisted on zipping it up and down. No, Mommy, I want to zip it! she said. Mommy sighed. She knew that Lily was curious and liked to learn new things. But she also knew that the zipper was weak and could break if Lily pulled it too much. She did not want Lily to ruin her new coat. Lily, listen to me. The zipper is not a toy. It is a part of your coat. If you zip it too much, it will get tired and stop working. Then you will not be able to wear your coat anymore. Do you want that? Lily thought for a moment. She did not want to lose her coat. She liked her coat. It was warm and soft and had a big zipper. She decided to listen to Mommy. She zipped up her coat and left it alone. Okay, Mommy, I will not zip it too much. I will be gentle with the zipper. Thank you for helping me. Mommy smiled and kissed Lily. She was proud of Lily for being smart and polite. She took Lilys hand and they went outside to play. Lily enjoyed the snow and the sun and the sound of the zipper. But she did not zip it too much. She knew that the zipper was weak and needed to rest. She wanted to keep her coat for a long time.Once upon a time, there was a young bunny named Bob. Bob had big ears that he liked to sort leaves with. He would hop around the forest, using his ears to pick up leaves and sort them by color. One day, Bob met a squirrel named Sue. Sue saw Bob sorting leaves with his ears and said, Hi, Bob! I like how you sort leaves with your big ears. Can you teach me? Bob was happy to help. He showed Sue how to pick up leaves with her paws and sort them too. They had a fun day sorting leaves together. At the end of the day, Bob and Sue had sorted all the leaves in the forest. They were proud of their work and became good friends. From that day on, they would always play and sort leaves together.Once upon a time, there were two friends. One was a little girl and the other was a swan. The girl was very flexible and loved to dance, and the swan was just as flexible and loved to fly. One day, the girl and the swan were playing in their favorite field when the girl shouted, Lets play a game! The swan smiled and asked, What kind of game? The little girl suggested, How about hide and seek? The swan thought this sounded like fun, so they both shut their eyes. The girl counted to five and then opened her eyes to look for the swan. But the swan was nowhere to be found! The girl searched high and low but there was still no sign of the swan. Finally, after a while, the girl spotted the swan in a tree. It had been so flexible that it had even managed to fit itself in a little nook in the tree. The girl shouted out, I found you! And the swan flew down to join her, and together they had a lot of fun!Once, there was a big race. Many kids ran in the race. One boy, Tom, wanted to win. He wanted the victory. He saw another boy, Sam, who was very fast. Tom was jealous of Sam. On the day of the race, Tom thought of a plan. He saw a big bag. He decided to fill it with sand. When Sam was not looking, Tom put the heavy bag on Sams back. Sam did not know. During the race, Sam was slow. He said, Why am I so slow? Tom ran fast and won the race. He was happy with his victory. But then, someone saw the heavy bag on Sams back. They knew Tom cheated. Everyone was mad at Tom. They gave the victory to Sam. Tom was sad and had no friends.One day, a smart dog named Max went for a jog. He liked to jog in the park. The sun was shining, and the birds were singing. Max was very happy. As Max jogged, he saw smoke coming from a small house. He knew smoke was bad. Max ran to the house to see if he could help. He saw a little girl and said, I see smoke! We need to get out! The little girl listened to Max and left the house with him. They ran to a safe place. Soon, the fire truck came and put out the fire. The girl hugged Max and said, Thank you, Max! You are a smart dog! Max felt proud that he could help. He knew that being smart and fast was a good thing. Max and the little girl became good friends, and they played in the park every day.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim and a little girl named Jill. They were the best of friends and loved to play together all day long. One day, the two of them decided to play a game. Tim introduced Jill to a game that involved circles. The aim of the game was to move along a track of circles, while Jill tried to catch him. At first, the game was quite peaceful, as they both moved along the circle track together. But soon, Tims competitive streak took over, and he decided to run away from Jill as fast as he could. Jill was heartbroken that Tim was no longer trying to have a peaceful time, so she started to cry. After a while, Tim felt guilty and decided to stop running around and to introduce Jill to a different game. This game was much more peaceful and allowed the two of them to enjoy each others company. They had lots of fun, laughed and played until the sun set and it was time to go home. The two of them were best friends once again, and continued to play their circle game together whenever they were together.Once upon a time there was a little boy named John. John was so excited to learn about things! Every day John would go outside and learn something new. One day, John saw a great, big van. He loved it so much! He had never seen one before. John wanted to learn all about it. So he asked his mom, What is that? His mom explained that it was a van. Then she explained what a van was used for. John was so excited to learn all about it! John continued to learn more and more. He would look at all the things around him and ask questions to learn about them. John was so excited about all the things he had learned. It was great to learn so much!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She was excited to go outside and play in the rain. She put on her rain boots and coat, and went outside. Lily jumped in puddles and got all wet. She loved to soak her boots in the water. After playing outside, Lily went back inside her house. Her mom said, Youre all wet! Lets get you dry by the fireplace. Lily sat down by the warm fireplace, feeling cozy and happy. The fire made her wet clothes and boots dry. As Lily sat by the fireplace, her cat, Whiskers, came to join her. Whiskers said, Meow! Lily smiled and said, Hi, Whiskers! I had fun playing in the rain. Now we can be warm together. They both sat by the fireplace, enjoying the warmth and each others company.Once upon a time, there was a bunny named Benny. He loved to eat carrots and he always shared them with his friends. One day, he met a squirrel named Sammy who wanted to trade nuts for carrots. Benny agreed and they made a deal. As they were trading, Sammy tasted one of Bennys carrots and said, Wow, these are the best carrots I have ever tasted! Benny felt happy and polite because Sammy liked his carrots. But then, the next day, Sammy came back and wanted to trade again. However, this time he didnt have any nuts to trade. He asked Benny if he could have some carrots for free. Benny felt conflicted because he wanted to be polite, but he also didnt want to give away all his carrots for free. Benny remembered what his mom had told him about being careful when trading. He politely told Sammy that he couldnt give away all his carrots for free, but he would be happy to trade again another day. Sammy understood and they said goodbye. Benny felt proud of himself for remembering his moms advice and for being polite to his friend.Once upon a time, there was a mommy and a baby. Mommy wanted to make something special for the baby so she decided to bake a cake. Mommy used lots of yummy ingredients to make the cake. Mommy mixed up some green batter. She poured it into a pan and put it in the oven. Then she waited and watched the cake bake. Suddenly, Mommy heard a loud crash! When Mommy looked outside, she was surprised to see lightning streaking across the sky. It was so bright and exciting! When the lightning was gone, Mommys cake was ready. It smelled so yummy, the baby couldnt wait to take a bite. They both enjoyed the cake with its yummy green frosting. The baby smiled and said, âœYum! Mommy made a very special cake!âMolly and her dad went to the park. They sat on a bench and talked. They discussed what they were going to do. Dad said they could get ice cream. Molly smiled and said yes. But then she thought of a joke and said they could get pizza instead. Her dad laughed and said why not? On the way to get the pizza, they ran fast. They laughed as they raced each other. After they finished the race, they got the pizza. They discussed toppings on their pizza, and then Molly told another funny joke. They both laughed and dad said Molly was getting better at telling jokes every day!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside and imagine all sorts of things. One day, she was playing with her friends when she saw a big, mighty tree in the distance. She knew she had to cross the field to get to it. Lily and her friends started walking towards the tree, but they soon realized there was a big river in their way. They didnt know how to cross it. Lily thought for a moment and then had an idea. She remembered the cross her grandma had given her and decided to use it as a bridge. Her friends were amazed as Lily carefully placed the cross over the river and they were able to cross safely. From that day on, whenever they played outside, they would always remember the mighty tree and the cross that helped them cross the river.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to help her mommy in the kitchen. One day, her mommy asked her to help make cookies. Lily was so excited! Her mommy gave her a big bag of flour and a little bag of salt. Can you pour the flour in the bowl? her mommy asked. Lily tried, but the bag was too heavy. Can you pull the bag, Lily? her mommy asked. Lily pulled and pulled until the bag was in the bowl. Good job, Lily! Now, can you pour the salt in? her mommy asked. Lily was careful not to pour too much salt. After they made the cookie dough, her mommy said, Lily, can you be careful and put the cookies on the tray? Lily was very careful and put each cookie on the tray. They put the tray in the oven and waited for the cookies to bake. When they were done, Lily and her mommy ate delicious cookies together. The end.Once upon a time, there was a thin soup. It was so thin, it was like water. But it was still soup. Every day, a special dog came to the thin soup. The dog would act very silly. He would twirl around and do funny tricks. The thin soup was very excited to see the dog each day. The thin soup decided to act silly, like the dog. So he started twirling around and doing his own tricks. The thin soup was even thin enough to do a somersault. It was so fun that the thin soup started dancing. All around the soup bowl, he moved his arms and legs in circles and swoops. The thin soup was having so much fun that he didnt even taste like soup anymore. After all his silly acts, the thin soup looked like a bowl of frothy bubbles. But the thin soup was still happy that he had acted so silly.Once there was a little goat called Lucy. She was always so happy and full of energy. She loved to run and play outside in the sun, but one day the weather was icy and cold. So Lucy decided to stay inside and explore. Lucy crept into a room she had never seen before. She saw an old chest in the corner and when she opened it, she heard a tiny whisper, Hello Lucy. Lucy was so surprised and excited. The whisper belonged to a small fairy called Lea. She asked Lucy to help her find her way home. Lucy was so keen to assist but Lea had one problem. She needed to find a magical ingredient for her spell to get home. This ingredient was in the garden and Lucy knew the only way to get it was to brave the icy cold! So Lucy and Lea put on their thickest coats, bravely stepped outside and quietly tiptoed through the garden looking for the secret ingredient. When they found the plant they had been looking for, they whispered a magical spell and Lea flew safely home. Lucy felt so proud of her adventure with Lea. She had bravely ventured outside in the icy cold and managed to help the little fairy. She knew that she had made a friend for life.Once upon a time, there was a whale who swam in the ocean. He looked for food, but couldnt find anything to eat. One day, he came across a little fish, who offered to help. The whale was very grateful, and thanked the fish. The fish said he knew a place where the whale could fit. So they swam together over the waves, until they reached a big cave that was perfect for the whale. The whale thanked the fish and offered to give him a reward. The fish said he didnt need any reward, but he did have one big wish. He asked the whale if he could take him for a ride. The whale was happy to do it, so he swam around the cave, taking the fish with him. The whale said goodbye to the fish, and swam off. The fish was very happy and thanked the whale for being so fit!One day, a hammer was playing in the park. It was a very bossy hammer, so it told all the other toys what to do. Suddenly, one of the other toys had an idea. It said it could make the hammer vanish. Everyone was excited about this idea. All the toys huddled in a circle, holding hands. Then the toy said a magic spell and the hammer vanished! Everyone was so surprised. They started to look around for the hammer, but it was nowhere to be seen. It had truly vanished! All the toys were very proud of themselves. They had made the bossy hammer vanish with their very own magic.Once upon a time there was an iron. The iron was old and rusty. The iron had three magical powers. First, it could unite people. Second, it could turn gentle. Third, it could make things happen. One day, the iron was very lonely. All days and nights went by, but nobody wanted to play with him. He thought, Why am I so lonely? What am I missing? A little bird flew by, and said to the iron, Maybe you need to make yourself gentle first. People will like you then. The iron wasnt sure what to do, but he followed the birds advice. He took a deep breath, and slowly become gentle. People suddenly noticed the iron. To their surprise, he was no longer rusty and old, but friendly and gentle. One little girl named Sarah approached the iron and said, Hello there! Can you help me unite my family tomorrow? We need your magic! The iron smiled and said, Of course I can! Anything for my friends! The next day, the iron and Sarah gathered Sarahs family. With his gentle magic, he helped them unite into one big happy family. The iron and Sarah were so happy that they laughed and celebrated all day. From then on, the iron was never lonely again. With his magical powers and gentle nature, he was never without a friendOnce there was a little girl and she saw a jellyfish. She was very anxious and didnt know what to do. She wanted to get closer, but she was afraid it might sting her. So instead, she decided to pretend she was a jellyfish. She spread out her arms, just like a jellyfish, and floated around the room. She was so happy and it made her forget about being anxious. She pretended she was surrounded by seaweed and coral and she pretended that she was eating fish. She felt so free and joyful being a jellyfish. After a while, she had to come back to reality, but she would always remember how it felt to pretend to be a jellyfish.Once upon a time, there lived a loving brother and sister. They lived by the sea and often played in the sand. One day when they were at the beach, they saw a crab. The crab quickly scurried away as they approached. The brother wanted to touch it, but his sister was afraid. No, dont, she said. The brother was confused. Why not? he asked. Because the crab might get scared, the sister said. If we are going to touch it, we have to be honest. The brother thought about it for a moment and then nodded his head. Lets be honest. The siblings slowly approached the crab. When it saw them, it didnt scurry away this time. Very carefully, the brother touched the crab. The crab scuttled away with a smile. The brother and sister shared a hug. They had been honest and kind, just like they promised.John and Felicity were so excited to go play with their toys. John had a big blue car and Felicity had a fluffy pink bear. They both squealed with glee. Before they could go, Mommy said they had to reverse around the corner to get to the park. So they revved their engines and went around in a big loop, turning the car around. Then they stepped out into the park, and they could hear the loud music from far away. John thought it sounded like fun and could hardly wait to get there. Finally they made it to the point where the music was coming from. It was the best day ever! Felicity twirled around in circles and John laughed out loud.Lily and Ben are friends. They like to play in the park. They see a big slide. It is wide and long. They want to go on the slide. Can we go on the slide, please? Lily asks her mom. Yes, you can. But be careful. Hold on tight. Mom says. Lily and Ben run to the slide. They take turns to go down. They go fast and feel the wind in their hair. They laugh and shout. They have fun. After a while, they feel hungry. Mom has a bag of oats. She gives some to Lily and Ben. They sit on a bench and eat the oats. They are crunchy and sweet. Oats are yummy. Thank you, mom. Lily says. Youre welcome, sweetie. Oats are good for you. They make you strong and healthy. Mom says. Lily and Ben smile. They finish their oats. They are happy. They hug mom. They want to play some more. They see a swing. They run to the swing. They have more fun.Once upon a time, there was a large elephant named Ellie. Ellie loved to play in the mud and roll around in it. One day, Ellies mom said, Ellie, its time to wash up! Ellie didnt want to wash because she loved feeling muddy. But her mom said, You need to wash, or else youll get sick. Ellie stomped her feet and said, No, I dont want to wash! I want to stay muddy! Her mom replied, But Ellie, your friends wont want to play with you if youre all muddy. They might think youre a monster! Ellie thought about it and realized her mom was right. She didnt want her friends to be scared of her. So, she reluctantly agreed to wash up. As she washed, she noticed the soap made a zigzag pattern on her skin. She giggled and said, Look, Mom! Zigzag! After she was all clean, Ellie felt much better. She hugged her mom and said, Thanks for making me wash, Mom. I feel much better now!Once upon a time there lived a little boy. He liked going on long journeys. But one day, his journey was too difficult for him. All the way, he kept feeling tired and scared. So he asked his mom for help. His mom gave him a good suggestion. She said, You need a rest. I recommend taking a break from your journey. Then start again when you feel better. The little boy followed his moms recommendation. He had a little nap and ate something to give him energy. Then he was ready to carry on with his journey. This time he felt much better. He knew it was a good idea to take a break. He kept going until he reached his destination. And he was so happy when he got there. This was a lesson he learned. Whenever the journey was difficult, he must take a break and rest. That was the best recommendation he ever got!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside with her friends. One day, she saw a rag on the ground. It was dirty and torn. Lily wanted to throw it away, but her mom told her to pick it up and bring it inside. Lily didnt want to touch the rag because it was yucky, but her mom said that it was important to help clean up. So, she came back outside with a pair of gloves on and picked up the rag. When she brought the rag inside, her mom washed it and it became clean again. Lily learned that even though something may seem dirty or useless, it can still be useful if you take care of it. She felt happy that she helped her mom and learned something new.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Sarah. She was three years old. One day, Sarah saw a big stair. It was very tall. She wanted to go up the stair, but it was so high. She looked scared. Suddenly, a voice came from behind her. Sarah, whats wrong? it asked. Sarah turned around. It was her mom. Mom, Sarah said, The stair is so high. I am scared. Her mom smiled and said, Its OK, Sarah. You can do it. Just take it one step at a time and be safe. Sarah smiled and nodded. She took a deep breath and started walking up the stair. Every step, she said to herself safe, safe, safe. Finally, she made it to the top. She looked around and asked, Mom, did I do it? Her mom smiled and said, Yes, Sarah. You did it! You were very brave. Sarah was very happy and proud of herself. She knew that she could do it if she was safe!Once upon a time, there was a small girl called Polly. She liked to explore and have fun. Today she had a surprise. Her mummy and daddy had taken her to the park to play. When they got there, there was a long line of people. But Polly was a flexible girl and she was happy to wait in the line with her parents. The line moved slowly until it stopped. Then Polly was surprised to see an icecream truck. She loved icecream and she was so excited. She couldnt believe it! Her mummy and daddy bought her a big vanilla cone, with sprinkles and a cherry on top. Polly smiled and enjoyed her surprise. The icecream was so delicious. Polly was so happy that day. She ate her icecream with a smile. It was one of the best surprises she had ever had.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lucy. She was 3 years old. She had an ambition to ride on the subway all by herself. One day, Lucy asked her mother Can I take the subway by myself? Her mother said, No, its too dangerous. You might get lost. Lucy was angry. She wanted to prove that she was brave enough to take the subway. Then she came up with a crazy idea. She took an ice cream and she melted it. When the ice cream melted and became a liquid, Lucy put it in a bowl. She painted her face with the liquid and it looked like she was a grown up. When her mother saw her, she was shocked and said, Thats amazing! You look like you are 20 years old. Look at you, you crazy girl! Now I can take the subway by myself, Lucy said with a smile. So, Lucy took the subway, and she had a great time. She counted all the stops and made sure she was safe. When she finally reached her destination, she ran to her mothers arms and said, Mom, I did it! I took the subway all by myself! Her mother smiled and hugged her tight and said, You did it! You are so brave, my little girl.Mia and Dad were busy polishing their car. Mia was so excited! She liked to help Dad with his projects. The car shone in the sun, and Mia loved the sound the cloth made when she polished it. Dad smiled at her and said the car was looking really nice. The next day, Mia and Dad went for a drive. It was cold outside and the car was steaming it was so cozy! Mia tapped on the dashboard and the sound was so satisfying. Mia and Dad sang as they drove, and the sound filled the cold air. Dad said that the car was like brand new, thanks to Mias hard work polishing it. Mia laughed and smiled, feeling so proud of the work she had done.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to go outside and play in the park. One day, she went to the park with her mommy and daddy. They brought a kite with them. The kite was big and colorful. Lily was very adventurous, so she wanted to fly the kite all by herself. Her mommy and daddy helped her to pull the string and soon the kite was up in the wind. It was flying high in the sky and Lily was very happy. Suddenly, a strong wind blew and the kite started to pull very hard. Lilys mommy and daddy helped her to hold on to the string. They all laughed and had fun together. After a while, the wind calmed down and they went home. Lily was very proud of herself for flying the kite all by herself.Once upon a time, there was a man. He was very playful and loved to play with his toys. One day, he lost his favorite toy and felt sad. He looked for it everywhere but couldnt find it. Then, he remembered something his mother had told him. She said that if he believed hard enough, his wish would come true. So, the man closed his eyes and believed with all his heart that he would find his toy. And guess what? When he opened his eyes, there it was! The man was so happy and grateful that he hugged his toy tightly. From that day on, the man always remembered to believe in himself and his dreams. And he continued to be playful and have fun with his toys every day.Tom and Lily were playing in the park. They saw a big, green frog on a rock. Tom wanted to touch it, but Lily was scared. Look, a frog! Tom said. I want to touch it with my finger. No, Tom, dont! Lily said. It is scary. It might jump or bite you. Tom did not listen. He walked to the rock and reached out his finger. The frog did not move. Tom touched it softly. It felt wet and slimy. See, it is not scary, Tom said. It is just a frog. Do you want to touch it too? Lily shook her head. She did not want to touch the frog. She thought it was ugly and gross. Come on, Lily, it is fun, Tom said. It will not hurt you. It is just a frog. Lily took a step closer. She looked at the frog. It blinked its big, black eyes. Lily felt brave. She reached out her finger too. She touched the frog gently. It felt wet and slimy. Wow, it is not scary, Lily said. It is just a frog. It is kind of cute. Tom and Lily smiled. They liked the frog. They touched it some more. The frog croaked. Tom and Lily laughed. They made friends with the frog.One day, a girl and her brother were playing in the yard. They found an interesting big box. The girl said, Lets open it! The brother nodded and said, Yes, but we need to be careful. They ran inside to find something to help them open the box. The girl found a small tool to cut. She showed it to her brother and said, This will help us open the box. The brother smiled and said, Lets go back outside and see whats inside. They went back to the yard and started to cut the box open. As they cut the box, they found many colorful toys inside. They were so happy! They played with the toys all day. The girl and her brother knew that being careful and working together made the day even more fun. And that interesting big box brought them lots of joy.Once upon a time there was a chubby peach. It was a special peach that everyone wanted to eat. But no one knew that the peach was spoiled. It had been left in the baking hot sun too long and it was starting to rot. The peach was so sad. It wanted to be enjoyed like its brothers and sisters. One day a little girl saw the peach. She thought it looked delicious. She picked it up and was about to eat it when she noticed it was starting to rot. The little girl frowned and put the peach back down. But then she had an idea. She took it home and planted it. To her surprise, it started to grow! Soon she had a lovely chubby peach tree filled with delicious, ripe peaches. The little girl was so happy that shed saved the peach. Everyone else was happy too. They all enjoyed the nice, sweet peaches!The little girl was excited. She remembered the day at the show when she had the popcorn. She loved that popcorn. She wanted it again. So one day she asked her mom to get her popcorn. She was so excited when her mom said yes. The little girl put on her shoes and grabbed her bag. She was ready to go. She and her mom went to the store. She saw the popcorn and it looked so yummy. The little girl got to pick out her popcorn. She chose one called caramel with fun rainbow colors. She was so excited when she saw it. They paid for the popcorn and went home. When they got home the little girl looked through her bag. She was so excited when she found the popcorn. She couldnt wait to try it. She opened the bag and it smelled delicious. She took a bite and it tasted wonderful. The little girl will always remember her popcorn. She loves it and is always excited to have more.Once upon a time, there was a good boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his toys and his friends. One day, Timmys friend brought a pistol to play with. Timmy knew that pistols were dangerous and told his friend to put it away. His friend ignored him and continued to play with the pistol. Timmy didnt want to play with it and went home. Later that day, Timmys friend accidentally hurt himself with the pistol. Timmys mom told him that its important to listen to your friends when they tell you something is dangerous. The moral of the story is to always listen to your friends and never ignore them when they tell you something is dangerous.Once upon a time, there was a hunter named Tom. Tom liked to build things. One day, he saw a broken bird nest in a tree. The baby birds were sad because they had no home. Tom wanted to help the baby birds. He began to build a new nest for them. He used sticks, leaves, and grass. The baby birds watched Tom as he worked. They were very excited. When the nest was done, the baby birds had a new home. They were very happy. Tom felt good because he helped the baby birds. The moral of the story is when we help others, we feel happy too.Once upon a time, there was a little duck who lived in a pond. The pond was very wide and there were many other animals living there too. Every day the duck would swim around, looking for food and friends to play with. One day, the duck found a new friend it was a frog! The duck and the frog had lots of fun together swimming in the pond. They would swim around until they were so tired. But one day, the frog felt very sick and couldnt swim. The duck was very worried, so it asked its other animal friends what to do. They said that they need to get the frog some special medicine that would make it feel better. So, the duck and the other animals went on a big journey to find the medicine. After a long time, they finally found it! They quickly brought it back to the pond, so that the frog could take it and get better. And sure enough, the frog felt much better after taking the medicine it could swim again! The duck was so happy that it hopped around and splashed in the water with the frog. They had lots of fun, swimming around in the wide pond.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to walk outside and look at the big pictures on the tall signs called billboards. One day, she saw a billboard with a picture of a lost puppy. Lily wanted to help find the puppy, so she asked her mom for help. Together, they searched all around the neighborhood for the puppy. They asked people if they had seen it and put up signs with the puppys picture. After a while, they finally found the puppy hiding behind a bush. Lily was so happy that they were able to solve the problem and find the puppy. Lilys mom was proud of her for being so helpful and modest about her good deed. From that day on, Lily always looked for ways to help others and solve problems in her community.Once upon a time, there was a little girl. She had a hammer and she wanted to build something. But every time she tried, she felt helpless. She hit the hammer on the ground but nothing happened. Suddenly, she had an idea. She took the hammer and stirred it in the dirt. She stirred and stirred until Finally, something happened. Out of the dirt, a beautiful flower started to grow. The little girl gasped with delight. She was so happy she could make something so pretty with her hammer. From then on, she never felt helpless again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to sail on her toy boat in the bathtub. One day, Lilys boat got stuck under the faucet and she couldnt get it out. She tried and tried, but it wouldnt budge. Lilys mom came in and asked what was wrong. My boat is stuck, Lily said. Her mom gently lifted the boat out and put it on the side of the tub. Thank you, Mommy! Lily said, excited to have her boat back. Later that day, Lily and her mom went to the harbor to watch the big boats. Lily saw a tired sailor resting on the dock. Why are you resting? she asked. Ive been working hard all day, the sailor replied. Lily learned that sometimes its important to rest and take a break when weve been working hard. She also learned that its always nice to help others, just like her mom helped her with her toy boat. The end.Once upon a time, there were two friends named Timmy and Tommy. They loved playing together and having fun. One day, they found a big bag of candy and decided to share it. However, Timmy wanted more candy than Tommy and started to be greedy. Tommy felt sad and didnt want to play with Timmy anymore. They decided to separate and play with other friends. After a while, Timmy realized he was wrong and felt terrible for being greedy. He went to apologize to Tommy and offered him a reward a toy car he had at home. Tommy forgave him and they became friends again. They learned that sharing is better than being greedy and that saying sorry can make things better.Once upon a time, there was a funny bear named Benny. He lived in a big forest with lots of trees and animals. Benny loved to play and have fun with his friends. One day, Bennys friend asked him if he could come over to play in his cave. Benny said yes and allowed his friend to come over. They played together and had lots of fun. As the day went on, Benny and his friend heard a loud noise coming from the forest. They decided to go investigate. When they got there, they saw that a big tree had fallen down and was blocking the path. Benny and his friend knew they had to help, so they allowed other animals to join them and together they moved the tree out of the way. After they were done, Benny and his friends went back to playing and having fun. They were happy that they could help the other animals in the forest. From that day on, Benny and his friends made sure to always help each other whenever they could.Once upon a time, there was a little boat that had been waiting on the shore for a while. It was stubborn and wanted to sail out onto the ocean. One day, the tide was just right and so the boat decided to take the opportunity. It ran out into the water, but quickly found itself stuck. Upset, the boat called out to the waves. Why cant I sail away like the rest of you? The waves shrugged and said The tide isnt coming in anymore. You must wait for the next one. The little boat was so disappointed, but it was stubborn, so it stayed put and waited for the next tide. Sure enough, when the next tide came, the little boat sailed away, never looking back. And from that day on, the little stubborn boat sailed through the ocean, never wanting to be stuck in one place again.Once upon a time, there was a little bunny named Benny. Benny was walking in the forest when he saw a big animal. It was a bear! Benny was scared and started to tremble. The bear saw Benny and walked towards him. Benny closed his eyes tight and waited for the bear to eat him. But the bear didnt eat Benny. Instead, he said, Hello little bunny, what are you doing in the forest all by yourself? Benny opened his eyes and saw that the bear was not mean. He was actually very kind. Benny explained that he was just taking a walk and got lost. The bear smiled and said, Dont worry little bunny, Ill help you find your way back home. Benny felt happy and grateful. He followed the bear out of the forest and back to his home. From that day on, Benny and the bear became good friends and went on many adventures together.Once upon a time, there was a lively dancer. She twirled around and made everyone smile. All of the people at the show watched her gracefully spin. They were so amazed by her dancing! The dancer loved to create. She could make new moves by spinning and leaping. She could also create beautiful costumes with sparkles and colors. Everyone was so impressed! But one day the lively dancer stopped dancing. She couldnt create like she used to. All of the people were so sad. They missed seeing her spin and twirl. Then a magical thing happened. One of the little kids at the show was so inspired by the lively dancer. He woke up one day with a new idea. He had created a new move just like the dancer! Everyone smiled when they saw it. The little kids move was just as lively as the dancer! Everyone started to clap and cheer for him. He was the happiest he had ever been and so was the dancer. She was so proud of him.Once upon a time, there were two friends called Sam and Max. Sam was very excited for a party. I cant wait for the party tonight! Sam exclaimed. But Max was worried. I dont have a band. What if everyone else wears one?. Sam had an idea. Lets make our own! they said together. So they set out to make their own band. They gathered some sticks and string and soon they had made a wide band. Max tried it on. I love it! Soon, they arrived at the party. Max felt so happy to have gained a band. You look great! said Sam. Max beamed with pride. Thanks!Once upon a time, there was a beautiful daddy and his threeyearold daughter. One day, the daddy took his daughter to a well in the forest. It was a very big well, with a bucket inside it. The daughter was very excited. What is this? she asked her daddy. This is a well, he told her. A well is like a hole you can take water from. He then asked the daughter what she wanted to take out of the well. The daughter said she wanted to take out a shiny cloth. The daddy lowered the bucket down into the well and ordered the bucket to bring up the shiny cloth. Seconds later, the bucket came back up with a beautiful, shiny cloth. The daughter was happy that she could take the cloth out of the well. She thanked her daddy and they went home, with the shiny cloth in tow.Once upon a time, there was a bunny. He wanted a new tent to sleep in, so he asked his mom for one. His mom said he could have it, so he was very happy! He received a tent and quickly put it up. He spent the next day playing in it. He liked to pretend the tent was a castle. He would dress up as a prince and play with his toys. Unfortunately, the next morning, he noticed something was wrong. He saw that his tent was broken! He was so sad and started to cry. He didnt know what to do. Suddenly, his mom had an idea. She said she could help him fix the tent. She gave him some glue and showed him how to use it. The bunny worked on the tent for a long time and eventually he was able to fix it so it was as good as new. The bunny was so happy! He thanked his mom and kept playing in his tent. The bunny was very proud of his tent and thanked his mom every day for helping him fix it.Once upon a time, there was a curious little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to explore the forest near his house. One day, he saw an alligator in the river. Timmy wanted to touch the alligator, so he rubbed his hand on its rough skin. The alligator didnt like being touched, and it snapped its jaws at Timmy. Timmy ran away as fast as he could. Later that day, Timmy saw his friend Billy and told him about the alligator. I saw an alligator in the river! Timmy said. I touched it, but it didnt like it. Billy was scared and said, Dont touch the alligator again, Timmy. Its dangerous! But Timmy didnt listen. The next day, he went back to the river and tried to touch the alligator again. This time, the alligator bit Timmy and hurt him very badly. Timmy learned a lesson that day its not safe to touch wild animals.Once upon a time there was an ordinary girl with long brown hair. One day, she went to her mailbox to check for mail. When she opened it, she found a letter! She was so excited she quickly opened it up. Inside, she found a yummy treat! It was a piece of candy with a special taste. She had never tasted candy like it before. It was so delicious she couldnât stop eating it. She was so happy she was able to find this letter with a special surprise inside!Once upon a time, in a small village, there lived a unique talking corn. The corn could speak to all the animals and people. Everyone loved the corn, and they liked to listen to its stories. One day, a little boy named Tom came to the corn. He said, Hello, corn! Can you speak to me? The corn smiled and said, Yes, Tom! I can speak to you, and I have a fun story to tell. Tom sat down, and the corn began to tell a story about a big, friendly bear. In the story, the bear lived in a forest with many friends. The bear would dance and play with the other animals all day. Everyone in the forest loved the bear, just like how the village loved the talking corn. Tom listened to the story and laughed with joy. When the story was over, Tom thanked the corn for the fun story. He went back to his home and told his mom about the unique talking corn. From that day on, Tom and the corn became good friends, and they shared many more stories with each other.Once upon a time, there was a princess who lived in a big castle by the sea. She was so very charming and loved by everyone in the kingdom. Every day she would look out her window and gaze at the beautiful sea waves that shimmered like gold in the sunshine. One day, a prince from a faraway land arrived. He wanted to unite with the princess, so he planned a very special surprise for her. The princess was overjoyed when she saw the prince sail up to the castle in a shiny golden boat. He took out a golden dress that sparkled in the sun and gave it to her. As the prince and princess united in a magical kiss, everyone in the castle and kingdom felt an incredible warmth that filled the air. From that day on, the prince and princess were married and lived Happily ever after. Everybody celebrated the union of the two and life in the kingdom was filled with love and peace. This magical union was a reminder that no matter how far apart two people seem to be, they can always unite if they try.Timmy wanted to stay up late, but his mother told him it was time for bed. He tried to talk his way out of it, but Mama said no available words would help him stay up. So, Timmy lay in bed and closed his eyes. He wished he had one more hour to play, but before he knew it, Timmy was fast asleep. The dream he had was filled with lots of fun things hed seen during his day, like puppies running and laughing kids. In his dream, nothing was as far away or as tired as it had been that day. When he awoke the next morning, Timmy couldnt remember much of his dream. But he knew, no matter what, he was happy hed slept.Once upon a time, in a small town, there was a big parade. All the people in the town were happy. They liked the parade. There were big cars, loud music, and people in funny clothes. An old man named Tom lived in the town. Tom was not happy about the parade. Tom did not like the noise. He wanted to quit the parade. He asked the people to stop. But the people did not listen. They kept having fun. Tom was sad. Tom tried to stop the parade again. He stood in front of a big car. The car could not stop. It hit Tom. The parade was over. The people were sad. Tom was hurt. The parade was not fun anymore.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Jack who loved to rock. Jack would rock his chair in the backyard, rock his toys around the house, and even rock his baby sister to sleep. But one day, Jack found something new to rock a filthy lung! The lung was covered in dirt and grime, so Jack had to be careful as he rocked it around the yard. He cradled the lung with his hands, making sure it was safe while he rocked it. Jack rocked it everywhere he went, taking little breaks here and there. He showed it to his sister, his friends, and even his mom and dad. Everyone thought Jacks filthy lung was so cool! Jack kept rocking his lung. He rocked it until it was time for dinner. He rocked it until his mom sent him to bed. He even rocked it in his sleep! Jack never stopped rocking his lung. He kept it forever, always reminding him of the special times they had rocking together.One day, Elliot was walking in the woods. He saw a big swamp. He was curious. He started walking through the swamp. Suddenly, he saw a very useful stick. He picked it up. He was so happy to have such a useful stick! He started swinging it around. Suddenly, he saw something strange happening. The stick started to vanish! Elliot was very surprised. He tried to understand what was happening. He looked around and the swamp was empty. He had no idea what happened to the stick. He looked for it for a long time, but it seemed to have vanished. To this day, he is still trying to figure out what happened to that useful stick.Ben and Sam were brothers. They liked to play in the dark with their flashlight. They pretended they were spies and looked for clues. One night, they went to the basement to play. Look, I found a big box! Ben said. He opened it and saw many old things. Wow, this is great! There are books and toys and clothes! Sam came over and looked inside. He saw a shiny ball. He wanted to play with it. He reached for it, but Ben stopped him. No, thats mine! Ben said. He grabbed the ball and held it tight. You can have something else! Sam was angry. He wanted the ball too. He tried to take it from Ben, but Ben pushed him away. Sam fell on the floor and hit his head. He started to cry. Stop crying, you baby! Ben said. He turned on the flashlight and shone it in Sams face. You cant have the ball! Its mine! Sam was hurt and scared. He wanted to get away from Ben. He kicked Bens leg hard. Ben dropped the ball and the flashlight. The flashlight broke and the light went out. The basement was dark and quiet. Ben and Sam were alone in the dark. They could not see anything. They could not find the stairs. They could not call for help. They were very sorry. They wished they had shared the ball and the flashlight. They wished they had been nice to each other. They wished they had not played in the dark.Once upon a time, there was a princess who was curious to explore the world. She was so brave and she always went on adventures. One day, the princess decided to explore a dark and scary forest. As she stepped inside, she noticed that everything was orange the trees, the leaves, the animals. She was surprised and excited to find out what this forest had in store. But little did she know, there were scary things lurking in the forest. As the princess continued walking, she heard a noise and was scared. She quickly climbed up a tree and held on tightly. She stayed in the tree for a long time, until the sun came up and she felt safer. When the princess finally came down from the tree, she was relieved and happy that she hadnt been scared away by the forest creatures. And the princess was never so brave to explore the forest again!Once there was a clever girl named Mary. She was only 3 years old, but she was very smart. Every day, Mary would play with her friends and have a good time. One day, Mary was playing with her friends when she saw a mustache on the ground. She was so excited that she picked it up and put it on her own face. Marys friends thought she looked funny, but she didnt care. Mary kept playing with her friends, but eventually she got tired and decided to quit. She said goodbye to her friends and went home. On the way home, Mary passed by a store and saw a mirror. She looked in the mirror and saw that she still had the mustache on her face! She laughed and took it off, knowing she had been clever to find it. Mary went back home and put the mustache away in her drawer, where it would always remind her of the fun times she had with her friends.John and Jane were two small children who had no mom or dad. A gruff old man took them in and told them that he would look after them. One day John and Jane were very hungry and asked the old man for some food. He became angry and told them there was nothing for them to eat. Desperate, John and Jane began to weep. Seeing their distress, the old man was moved and went to look for something to give them. He found an old screw and said to John and Jane, This is all I have. Take it, and it may bring you luck. John and Jane accepted the gift gratefully and thanked the old man. The moral of the story is that even in the darkest hour, kindness and generosity can still be found. Even a small screw can bring joy to those who are hungry and in need.Lily and Tom were two playful goats who lived in a valley with their mother. They liked to jump and run on the hills and eat the green grass. One day, they saw a big tent near the river. They were curious and wanted to see what was inside. They ran to the tent and peeked through a hole. They saw a man and a woman who were cooking something on a fire. They smelled something yummy and their mouths watered. They heard the man say, This soup will serve us well for dinner. It has carrots and potatoes and beans. Lily and Tom wanted to taste the soup. They thought the man and the woman would not mind if they had a little sip. They waited until the man and the woman went to fetch some water from the river. Then they sneaked into the tent and found the pot of soup. They dipped their noses into the pot and slurped the soup. But the soup was very hot and spicy. It burned their tongues and made them cough. They ran out of the tent, bleating and crying. The man and the woman heard the noise and came back. They saw the goats and the spilled soup and were angry. Hey, you naughty goats! You ruined our dinner! Go away and dont come back! the man shouted. Lily and Tom felt sorry and ashamed. They ran back to their mother and told her what they had done. Their mother scolded them and said, You should not take what is not yours. You should respect other peoples things. You should say sorry to the man and the woman and offer to help them. Lily and Tom nodded and agreed. They went back to the tent and apologized to the man and the woman. They offered to help them clean the mess and find some more food. The man and the woman forgave them and thanked them. They shared some bread and cheese with them and invited them to stay for the night. Lily and Tom learned their lesson and became friends with the man and the woman. They enjoyed the warm tent and the cozy fire. They slept well and dreamed of more adventures in the valley.Sandra was excited to visit the museum. Mummy, what can we make at the museum? she asked. Her mummy replied, We can make lots of cool things at the museum. We can explore and learn a lot too. As they walked into the museum, Sandras eyes lit up. She was amazed by all the strong things she saw sculptures, paintings, and many other kinds of art. They decided to make a painting. Sandra used bright and bold colours to paint a strong and beautiful picture. She worked hard and when it was finished, everyone clapped and praised her work. Sandra was so proud. You did a wonderful job, Sandra, her mummy said. Yes! Making things at the museum is so much fun! Sandra smiled.Sally was so happy because it was her birthday. She was three years old and very excited. Her mommy had a party for her at her house and it was filled with laughter. At the party, everyone was wearing bright coloured clothes and there were balloons, music, and lots of treats. Sally was feeling so excited, she wanted to dance and sing. The music was very loud and everyone was giggling, when suddenly everyone looked at Sally. Sally started to dance and sing and everyone clapped their hands together and shouted, Happy Birthday, Sally! Sally was so happy that she clapped her hands together and smiled. Then, she saw her best friend Nathan in the corner. He was deaf, but he was clapping his hands together because he knew something special was happening. Everyone was so happy to see Nathan applauding, they all clapped even louder. Everyone at the party was having the best time ever!Once upon a time, there was a light tape. It was special because it could number things. One day, a 3 year old girl wanted to use the tape. She used it to count her toys. She counted numbers up to 10. She was so proud of herself. Then she wanted to do something new. She used the light tape to put a number on the wall. It was so much fun. The girl was so happy. She was excited to be able to number things with the light tape. She counted and counted and counted. Finally, she was done. She hung the light tape back where it belonged with a big smile on her face.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy had a grandpa who was bald. One day, Timmy and his grandpa went to a park to play. Timmy saw a tasty apple on the ground and picked it up. He took a bite, but it tasted bad. Timmy said, Grandpa, this apple tastes yucky. Can we wash it? Grandpa replied, Sure, lets go to the fountain and wash it there. As they walked to the fountain, they saw a squirrel who also wanted the apple. The squirrel said, That apple looks tasty. Can I have a bite? Timmy said, No, it tastes bad. Were going to wash it. The squirrel got angry and said, Thats not fair! I want a taste too! Timmy and his grandpa explained that they needed to wash the apple first. The squirrel understood and waited patiently. After washing the apple, they all shared it and it tasted much better. Everyone was happy and the conflict was resolved.Anna and Ben are playing in the park. They like to swing, slide and run. They are very happy and laugh a lot. Look, Anna, I can swing very high! Ben says. He pushes his legs and goes up and down. Wow, Ben, you are very good! Anna says. She swings too, but not as high as Ben. Suddenly, they hear a loud noise. It sounds like a big bang. They stop swinging and look around. What is that? Anna asks. I dont know. Lets go and see! Ben says. They jump off the swings and run to the noise. They see a big truck. The truck has a lot of boxes. One of the boxes has fallen from the truck and broken on the ground. There are books and papers everywhere. Oops! Ben says. Who did that? Anna asks. A man comes out of the truck. He looks angry and sad. He sees the box and the books and papers. Oh no! This is my box! It has all my work in it! he says. He picks up some of the papers and looks at them. They have a lot of words and numbers that Anna and Ben dont understand. What is your work? Ben asks. I am a teacher. I teach big kids about science and math. These are my notes and tests. They are very important. But now they are all ruined! the man says. He sighs and shakes his head. Im sorry, mister, Anna says. Can we help you? Ben asks. The man looks at Anna and Ben. He sees their curious and kind faces. He smiles a little. Thank you, kids. You are very sweet. And very intelligent. You want to learn new things. Thats good. Maybe you can help me. Can you help me pick up the books and papers and put them back in the box? he asks. Sure, we can! Anna and Ben say. They start to help the man. They pick up the books and papers and put them in the box. They are careful not to tear or bend them. They work together and have fun. The man is happy and grateful. He thanks Anna and Ben for their help. He gives them each a book. The books have pictures and stories about animals and plants. These are for you. You can read them and learn more about science and math. You are very smart kids. I hope you enjoy them, he says. Thank you, mister! Anna and Ben say. They hug the man and say goodbye. They take their books and run back to the swings. They are very excited and proud. They have helped someone and learned something new. They are very happy and laugh a lot.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Abby. She loved to help her mommy in the kitchen. Today her mommy was making something special. She was pouring bright red strawberries into a bowl. Abby watched as the colorful strawberries fell into the bowl. Next, Abbys mommy added some sugar and cream. She started stirring the mixture with a spoon. Abby loved how it smelled. Can I try it? she asked. Her mommy said yes and gave Abby a spoon to share. As Abby took a spoonful of the creamy strawberry mixture, she was surprised. It was so sweet! She smiled and took another bite. Finally, her mommy poured the mixture into a pan and popped it into the oven. Soon the smell of the strawberry treat filled the room. After a while, it was ready to eat. Abby couldnt believe how delicious it was. She thought it was the best treat she had ever tasted!Once upon a time there was a family, who lived together in a house. One day, the father of the family got very sick and needed to go to the hospital. So he and his family came to the hospital. The doctor examined the father and said, âœI am very sorry, but the treatment of your father will be very expensive.â The mother said, âœWe will do whatever we need to do to help him get better.â The doctor replied, âœI can see that your family loves him very much.â So the fathers family came up with a plan to help him. They all worked together to raise the money for the expensive hospital treatments. Finally, the money was raised, and the father got better. And they all lived happily ever after.Once upon a time, there was a brave knight named Jack. Jack had a shiny shield that he loved to carry with him everywhere he went. One day, Jack went on a walk and saw a big, scary dragon. The dragon was very dangerous and Jack knew he had to be careful. The dragon saw Jack and started to yell at him. Jack knew he had to use his shield to protect himself. The dragon breathed fire at Jack, but Jacks shield protected him. Jack yelled back at the dragon, Stop being so mean! You cant hurt me with my shield! The dragon realized he couldnt hurt Jack and flew away. Jack felt proud and happy that he had his shield to protect him from the dangerous dragon.Billy was a little boy. He loved exploring outdoors. One day while he was playing he saw a track in the dirt. He grabbed his stick and started to poke it. He poked and poked until it made a little bump. Then he kept poking until he made a track. He kept poking until the track was very long, and then he followed it. He was so excited when he saw a rabbit peeking out from the other side. Billy got scared and ran back. But he kept coming back to the track and poking it. He enjoyed it so much that he started doing it every day. He would poke the track, run around it and see what he could find. One day, he found a little mouse! After that, he started to poke the track even more. His mom was very proud of him, and she always smiled when she saw him poking and exploring the track.Once upon a time there lived a sweet little girl. She always wanted to be happy and play. Every day before the little girl ate breakfast, she would run into the living room and stand in front of the mirror. She always wanted to see how she looked, and it made her smile. One day the little girl noticed something strange in the mirror. She touched the surface and it felt soft. She decided to keep touching it and see what would happen. Then, with a single hop, the little girl leapt into the mirror. She was surprised to find herself in a new place full of beautiful things! Everything was soft and different colours. The little girl was so excited to explore this new world. Everywhere she looked, she saw different shapes and sizes. She was full of hope that she could have lots of fun. The little girl played for hours until she heard her mom calling her for dinner. She then hopped back into the mirror and returned to her own world. She was happy and grateful for her adventure. The little girl smiled and shared her story with her mom. They both smiled and they made a promise to each other that the little girl would return to the mirror very soon!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to draw pictures of her favorite animals, like bunnies and puppies. One day, Lilys mom said, Lily, lets organize your drawings so we can find them easily. Lily asked, What does organize mean? It means we can put all your bunny drawings together and all your puppy drawings together, her mom explained. Lily thought that was a great idea. She went to her room and brought out all her drawings. Her mom helped her sort them by animal, and then they put them in a big folder to keep them safe. After they finished organizing, Lilys mom said, Lets print a picture of your favorite animal and put it on your wall. Lily thought for a moment and said, I love bunnies. They are so sweet! So they printed a picture of a cute bunny and hung it on Lilys wall. Lily was so happy to see her organized drawings and her sweet bunny picture every day.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play at the beach with her mommy and daddy. One day, they went to the beach and saw a crab walking on the sand. Lily said, Look, a crab! Its so cool! Her mommy said, Be careful, Lily. Crabs have claws that can pinch you. Lily replied, I wont touch it. I just want to watch it. After a while, Lilys tummy started to feel empty. She said, Mommy, Im hungry. Can we go get some food? Her daddy said, Sure, lets rush to the snack bar before it gets too crowded. Lily was happy to get some food and she said, Thank you, mommy and daddy. This is yummy!Tim and Liz were playing by the river. They saw a big raft made of wood and rope. They wanted to go on it and have fun. Can we go on the raft, please? Tim asked his mom. Okay, but be careful. Dont go too far and wear your life jackets, mom said. Tim and Liz put on their life jackets and climbed on the raft. They used sticks to push the raft along the water. They saw ducks, fish and frogs. They laughed and sang. Suddenly, the raft hit a rock and started to spin. Tim and Liz were scared and confused. They did not know what to do. They held on to the raft and each other. Help! Help! they shouted. Mom heard them and ran to the river. She saw the raft spinning and her children crying. She threw a rope to them and pulled them to the shore. Are you okay? mom asked. Yes, we are okay. But we are dizzy and wet, Tim said. Im sorry, mom. We did not mean to spin the raft, Liz said. Its okay, my loves. Im glad you are safe. Next time, be more careful and stay away from the rocks, mom said. She hugged them and took them home. They had some hot chocolate and cookies. They learned their lesson and never spun the raft again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to go to the park and play with her friends. One day, her mommy told her they were going to the zoo! Lily was so excited and couldnt wait to see all the animals. When they got to the zoo, they bought a ticket and went inside. Lily saw lots of animals she knew, like lions and monkeys. But then, she saw a big sign that said Beware of the unknown creature! Lily didnt know what that meant, but it made her a little scared. As they walked around, Lily saw a big cage with a sign that said Do not disturb the animals. But then, she heard a loud noise coming from inside the cage. She wanted to see what it was, but her mommy reminded her of the sign. Later on, they saw a big, scary looking animal that Lily had never seen before. It was the unknown creature! But Lily wasnt scared anymore, because she knew to be careful and not disturb it.Anna and Ben are playing with a big box. They want to make a house with the box. They find some old clothes and a rope. They use the clothes to cover the box and make a roof. They use the rope to tie the clothes to the box and make a door. Look, we made a house! Anna says. She is happy. She goes inside the box and pretends to cook. Ben follows her and pretends to eat. Yum, yum, this is good! Ben says. He is happy too. They laugh and play. Suddenly, they hear a loud noise. It is their dog, Spot. Spot sees the box and thinks it is a toy. He runs to the box and barks. He pulls the rope with his teeth. He wants to play too. Spot, no! Anna and Ben shout. They are scared. They try to stop Spot, but he is too strong. He breaks the rope and the clothes fall off the box. The house is gone. Anna and Ben are sad. They cry. They worked hard to make the house. They liked the house. They do not want to play anymore. Their mom hears them cry. She comes to see what is wrong. She sees the mess and the dog. She understands what happened. She hugs Anna and Ben and calms them down. Im sorry, sweeties. Spot did not know. He just wanted to have fun. He did not mean to ruin your house. She says. She is kind. She pets Spot and makes him sit. Can we make another house? Anna asks. She is hopeful. Of course, you can. You did a great job. You had success. You can try again. But this time, lets use something else to tie the clothes. Something that Spot cannot break. How about some clips? She says. She is helpful. She finds some clips and gives them to Anna and Ben. Anna and Ben smile. They are happy again. They thank their mom and take the clips. They start to make another house with the box and the clothes. They use the clips to tie the clothes to the box and make a door. Look, we made another house! Anna says. She is proud. She goes inside the box and pretends to sleep. Ben follows her and pretends to snore. Shh, shh, this is cozy! Ben says. He is cozy too. They giggle and rest. Spot watches them from a distance. He is calm. He does not bark or pull. He knows the house is not a toy. He knows Anna and Ben are his friends. He waits for them to come out and play with him. He is a good dog.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jake. Jake loved eating cereal and he especially liked the wild berries in his cereal. One morning, Jake kept worrying about where to find more wild berries. He asked his mom if he could go outside and look for them, but she said no. Jake was getting worried because he wanted to eat his wild cereal. Suddenly, Jake remembered something. The night before, he had seen a wild bush outside his window and it was covered with wild berries. Jake was so excited, he ran outside to find the bush. As soon as he reached the bush, it was full of wild berries and more. Jake happily picked some of the berries and ran back inside with them. He was so happy to have his wild cereal again. From then on, Jake never worried about where to find wild berries again.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to watch his favorite TV show, but one day his cable stopped working. Timmy was sad and asked his mom why the TV wasnt working. Mom said, The cable is broken, Timmy. We need to call someone to fix it. Timmy asked, Why does the cable suffer? Mom explained, Sometimes things break and suffer, but we can fix them. Timmy thought for a moment and said, I dont like stupid broken cables. I want to watch my show. Mom smiled and said, Dont worry, Timmy. Well fix it soon and you can watch your show again. Timmy felt better knowing that the cable would be fixed and he could watch his favorite show again.Bob was a human. He had one unusual thing he liked to do. He liked to throw things! But he wasnt throwing just any kinds of things. He threw his food and sometimes his toys. No one thought it was a good idea, but he loved it. One day, he threw his banana up into the air. It was his best throw ever! But, when the banana came back down, it bumped into a bird. The bird flew away and then Bob felt bad. He wished he never threw his food. From then on, Bob decided to not throw his food anymore. He only threw his toys and he was careful not to bother any animals. He still loved throwing things and his friends thought it was fun and unusual. Bobs friends made a game and they would compete with each other to see who could make the best throws. Bob was the best thrower and he never stopped being unusual. Even though it wasnt always the best thing, Bob loved to throw.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved going to school because he liked to learn new things. One day, Timmys teacher, Miss Sarah, asked him to sign his name on the blackboard. Timmy was nervous because he had never signed his name before, but he tried his best. After class, Timmys friend Billy came up to him and said he didnt like Timmys signature. Timmy felt sad because he thought his signature was great. The next day, Timmy showed Miss Sarah his signature and asked if it was great. Miss Sarah said it was wonderful and that everyones signature is unique and special. Timmy felt happy again and showed Billy his signature. Billy apologized and said he thought it was great too. Timmy learned that everyone is different and thats what makes the world a great place.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play on her rug with her toys. One day, Lilys mom asked her to clean up her toys and put them away. Lily didnt want to stop playing, but she knew she had to obey her mom. She tried to resist, but her mom was firm. After cleaning up, Lily felt proud of herself for being a good listener. She sat on her rug and looked at her toys. She saw her favorite doll and felt ready to play with it again. She hugged her doll and smiled. Lily knew that listening to her mom was important, and now she was ready to have fun again.Once upon a time, there was a happy little girl named Lily. She liked to play with her toys and eat candy. One day, her mommy told her they were going to visit her grandma. Lily was excited because she loved her grandma. They got into the car and drove for a long time. But when they arrived, Lily saw that her grandma was troubled. She was sad and didnt want to play with Lily. Lily didnt understand why her grandma was acting this way. They stayed for a little while but then had to leave. Lily was sad because she didnt get to play with her grandma like she usually did. She said goodbye and hugged her grandma, but her grandma didnt hug her back. Lily didnt know why her grandma was acting so strange. They got back into the car and drove away. Lily asked her mommy if they could visit grandma again soon, but her mommy said not yet.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to draw pictures with her blue crayon. One day, Lily wanted to make a special picture for her mommys birthday. She drew a big heart and cut it out with her scissors. But then, Lily had a problem. She wanted to hang the heart on the wall, but it wouldnt stick. So, she asked her mommy for some glue. Her mommy gave her a bottle of sticky glue and showed her how to use it. Lily put glue on the back of the heart and hung it on the wall. Her mommy was so happy when she saw the pretty blue heart hanging on the wall. From that day on, Lily loved to make pictures and hang them up with glue.Tim and Kim were twins who liked to play outside. But on Sunday, it was very cold and rainy. They could not go to the park or ride their bikes. They felt miserable and bored. Mom, can we watch TV? Tim asked. No, you have watched enough TV this week. Why dont you read a book or draw a picture? Mom said. But we dont want to do that. We want to have fun! Kim said. Mom sighed and said, You know, there are many children who dont have toys or books or TV. They have to work hard or live in bad places. They would be happy to have what you have. You should be grateful and not complain. Tim and Kim did not listen to Mom. They kept whining and sulking. They did not want to do anything. They just sat on the couch and shivered in the cold. Then, they heard a knock on the door. Mom opened it and saw a man holding a big basket. He was smiling and said, Hello, Im from the church. We are collecting donations for the poor families in our community. Do you have anything to spare? Mom said, Of course, come in. Let me see what I can find. She went to the kitchen and came back with some cans of food and a blanket. She put them in the basket and said, Here you go. I hope this helps. The man thanked Mom and said, God bless you. You are very kind and generous. Have a nice day. He left with the basket. Tim and Kim watched the man go. They felt ashamed and sorry. They realized how lucky they were and how selfish they had been. They said to Mom, Mom, we are sorry. We were wrong. We have so much and we should be happy. Can we give some of our toys and clothes to the poor children? Mom smiled and hugged them. She said, Im proud of you. Thats very nice of you. Yes, you can. Lets go and find some things to donate. Maybe we can also make some cards or cookies for them. That would make them happy. Tim and Kim nodded and smiled. They felt warm and good inside. They learned to appreciate what they had and to share with others. They had a fun and meaningful Sunday after all.Once upon a time, there was a little bird who was very hungry. She looked for food everywhere, but she couldnt find any. She felt sad and tired. Suddenly, she had an idea. She decided to create a nest and wait for the worms to come. She worked hard and built a cozy home. She waited patiently for the worms to come. Finally, after a while, the worms came. The little bird was so happy and ate all the worms she could find. She felt full and satisfied. The moral of the story is that if you work hard and wait patiently, good things will come to you.Mira and Tom are twins. They like to play with their toys. But sometimes they fight over the same toy. One day, they both want to play with the original red car. The original red car is shiny and fast. It is their favorite toy. Give me the car! Mira demands. She tries to grab the car from Toms hand. No, it is mine! Tom says. He holds the car tight to his chest. They pull and tug on the car. They are angry and loud. Their mom hears them and comes to see what is wrong. Why are you fighting? Mom asks. She looks at the car. This is the original red car. You both love it. But you have to share it. You can take turns playing with it. But I want it now! Mira says. She stomps her foot. Me too! Tom says. He puts the car on his shoulder. Mom sighs. She knows they are both stubborn. She has an idea. She goes to the closet and takes out a box. She opens the box and shows them what is inside. Look, I have a surprise for you. Two new cars! They are not original, but they are very nice. They are blue and green. They are also shiny and fast. You can each have one. Then you dont have to fight over the original red car. Mira and Tom look at the new cars. They are curious and excited. They forget about the original red car. They each take a new car and say thank you to Mom. Can we play with them now? Mira asks. Of course you can. But remember to be nice to each other. And dont forget to share the original red car sometimes. It is special to both of you. Mom says. Mira and Tom nod. They hug Mom and run to the living room. They play with their new cars and the original red car. They are happy and quiet. Mom smiles and goes back to her work.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Mike. Mike liked to go outside and play in the light of the sun. One day, Mike was running and he slipped. He banged his head and he fell down to the ground. He was upset and scared and he started to cry. His mother came over to him and she said, Mike, what happened? Mike said, I slipped. I hit my head and it hurt. His mother said, Its ok, Mike. You just bumped your brain. Do you want a hug? Mike nodded and he felt a bit better. His mother held him close and told him that his brain was very important. Your brain is like a light, Mike. It helps you think and remember things. Its very special. Mike nodded and he felt better after hearing his mothers words. From that day on, he remembered that his brain was like a light.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys all day long. One day, she found a big bowl in the kitchen. It was so big that she could fit inside it! She thought it was so funny to sit in the bowl and pretend she was a giant. Lilys mom came in and saw her sitting in the bowl. She thought it was funny too, so she decided to play along. They took turns sitting in the bowl and pretending to be different things, like a boat or a hat. They had so much fun together! After a while, Lilys dad came home from work. He saw them playing with the bowl and thought it looked like a lot of fun. So, he joined in too! They all laughed and played together until it was time for dinner. Lily went to bed that night feeling happy and loved, knowing that even a simple bowl could bring so much joy and fun.Once upon a time, there was a very smart cat named Max. Max loved to collect things. He had a big box full of shiny rocks, colorful buttons, and even some old coins. Max was very proud of his collection. One day, Max saw a little mouse with soft brown fur scurrying across the floor. Max knew he had to catch the mouse to add its fur to his collection. So, Max used his intelligent brain to come up with a plan. He pretended to sleep, waiting for the mouse to come closer. Finally, the mouse came close enough and Max pounced! But instead of catching the mouse, Max found himself face to face with a big dog. Max quickly realized that collecting things wasnt as important as staying safe. From that day on, Max didnt try to collect anything dangerous. He was still a very intelligent cat, but he learned to be careful.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside with her friends, but one day a big storm came. The sky turned dark and the wind blew hard. Lily was scared, so she went inside her house. Her mom told her that it was normal for storms to come sometimes, but they would always pass. Lily felt better knowing that. She closed the curtains and snuggled up with her favorite blanket. She listened to the rain tapping on the window and felt safe inside her cozy home. Eventually, the storm passed and the sun came out again. Lily went outside to play with her friends, happy that everything was back to normal.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Jane. One day, Jane got very sick. She felt like she had a cold and her stomach was hurting. So, her mommy took her to see the doctor. The doctor was a nice man who knew what to do. He listened to Jane and looked into her ears and throat. He said he had a cure for her. The doctor gave Jane some yummy medicine. And he told Jane and her mommy how to keep her from getting sick again. He said she needed to wash her hands because germs were dirty. Jane and her mommy made sure to follow the doctors instructions. And soon, Jane was feeling all better. The doctor had provided the perfect medicine which made Jane feel much better.Once upon a time, there was an ordinary clown. She was so happy and liked to make people giggle. Everywhere she went, people stopped to listen. One day, the clown was walking down the street when she heard a very sad voice coming from behind a bush. She stopped and listened. It was a little mouse! He was crying so she asked what was wrong. The mouse told her that he had lost his way home. The clown was so kind. She dried the mouses tears with her big yellow handkerchief and told him that she would help him find his way home. So the clown and the mouse went on a journey and they looked in the gardens, in the fields and on the bridges. At last, the clown helped the mouse find his home. The mouse was so thankful and so was the clown. She gave the mouse a big hug and a kind smile and then she went on her way, bringing happy giggles everywhere she went.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to paint pictures of bugs. She would sit outside and watch the bugs crawl around, then paint them on her paper. One day, Lily met a wealthy lady who saw her paintings. The lady loved them and asked Lily to paint a big bug for her. Lily was so excited and worked very hard on the painting. When Lily finished the painting, the wealthy lady was very happy. She gave Lily a big bag of candy as a reward. Lily was so happy and ate all the candy. But the next day, Lily got a tummy ache from eating too much candy. She learned that even though it was nice to get a reward, it was important to be careful and not eat too much. From that day on, Lily painted bugs and ate candy in moderation.Once upon a time there lived a gentle boy. He was kind and always wanted to help others. He loved to give hugs to all his friends. One day, he went to the store and saw an exciting box of cereal. He thought it was the perfect present for his friend who was feeling sad. But instead of buying the cereal, he used his pocket money to buy a oneofakind gift. He gave his friend the present and it made her happy. Then the gentle boy put his arms around her and said, I want to heal your sadness and make you happy. His hug healed the sadness in his friends heart. From that day onward, the gentle boy and his friend ate cereal together whenever they wanted to heal their worries and sadness. They ate it with big smiles on their faces and hugged each other whenever they felt down.Once there was a fat pig. He was really happy and liked to play all day. One day he saw a wire on the ground. He decided to seat on it. He was really wary at first. He didnt know what it would do. Eventually he sat down anyways. But it was ok! He liked sitting on the wire. He could move around and twist and turn. He had lots of fun. He kept sitting on the wire everyday and soon it became his favourite seat. He was so happy.Once upon a time, there was a little boy who dreamt of being a bee. He imagined buzzing around gathering sweet nectar with the other bees. Every day, he would fly in his dreams and buzz happily through the flowers. One day, the boy went for a walk in the garden with his mom. He was amazed at all of the pretty flowers, the buzzing of the bees, and the smell of their sweet nectar. Suddenly, the boy felt his wings sprout from his back and he was able to join the bees in the sky! He flew and flew, gathering sweet nectar and buzzing with the other bees. It was the most wonderful feeling he had ever experienced. His dream had come true. From then on, the boy flew in his dreams and enjoyed the sweet smell of the nectar every night.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, Lily was walking in the park when she saw a big, scary dog. Lily was very scared and her voice became very quiet. Suddenly, a kind lady appeared and asked Lily what was wrong. Lily told her about the big, scary dog and the lady gently asked Lily if she wanted to pet the dog. Lily was very fearful but she wanted to be brave, so she slowly walked up to the dog and petted it. Afterwards, the kind lady asked Lily if she felt better. Lily nodded and shrugged her shoulders. She was still a little scared but she was proud of herself for being brave. The kind lady smiled and said, Sometimes, we have to face our fears to feel better. Lily smiled back and said, Thank you for helping me.Once upon a time, there was a little bunny who wanted to go outside and have some fun. He asked his mum if he could go out but she said no, because it was raining. He was so sorry that he couldnt go out and play, so he stayed inside and played instead. Afterwards, he heard the rain slowing down, so he got very excited and asked his mum if he could go out and play now. His mum said yes, so he quickly put on his coat and boots and ran outside. The bunny was so happy that he could go out and play, he laughed and jumped around in the rain. He ran around until he got so wet that he was almost swimming, then he ran back inside. His mum smiled as he came in, and said Time for a nice warm bath!Once upon a time, there was a giraffe named Jerry. Jerry had a very long neck that he used to reach leaves on tall trees. One day, Jerry was walking in the jungle when he saw a monkey named Timmy. Hi, Timmy! Jerry said. Hi, Jerry! Timmy said back. What are you doing today? Im looking for some tasty leaves to eat, Jerry said. Im hungry too, Timmy said impatiently. Lets find some bananas! Jerry and Timmy walked through the jungle together, looking for food. Suddenly, they heard a loud noise. What was that? Jerry said. I dont know, Timmy said. Lets go see! They walked towards the noise and found a group of elephants playing in the river. Wow, that looks like fun! Jerry said. I want to play too! Timmy said impatiently. The elephants saw Jerry and Timmy and said, Hello! Do you want to play with us? Jerry and Timmy happily joined in the fun and played in the river with the elephants all day long.Once upon a time there was a little boy called Bob. He was three years old and liked to jog around the garden. One day he jogged through a dark forest. But Bob wasnt scared he kept jogging on. Suddenly, the forest opened and he saw a bright meadow. The sun was shining and the grass was so soft and green. Bob laughed with delight and jogged around the meadow. He played all day and enjoyed the warm sun on his face. As the sun began to set, Bob jogged quickly back through the forest, now bright with the setting sun shining through the trees. Finally, Bob reached home and stopped jogging. He couldnt wait to go out jogging again tomorrow!Sara and Ben are twins. They like to play in the pool. But today, it is very hot. Sara and Ben feel lazy. They do not want to swim or splash. They just want to sit in the shade. Mom comes to the pool. She says, Come on, Sara and Ben. The pool is fun. You can cool off and have fun. Why are you so lazy? Sara and Ben complain. They say, Mom, we are tired. We do not want to play in the pool. We want to rest. The pool is boring. Can we have a snack? Mom shakes her head. She says, No, Sara and Ben. You have to play in the pool first. Then you can have a snack. You are not tired. You are lazy. Lazy is not good. Lazy makes you sad and grumpy. Playing makes you happy and healthy. Come on, get in the pool. Sara and Ben sigh. They do not like to be lazy. They do not want to be sad and grumpy. They want to be happy and healthy. They get in the pool. They swim and splash. They have fun. They forget to complain. Mom smiles. She is proud of Sara and Ben. She says, Good job, Sara and Ben. You are not lazy. You are brave and strong. Now you can have a snack. Sara and Ben are happy. They say, Thank you, Mom. We love you. We love the pool.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to explore the woods behind her house. One day, she met a friendly bear named Benny. Benny asked Lily, Do you want to come to my camp with me? Lily was curious and excited to see what a bears camp looked like. She followed Benny through the woods until they arrived at his cozy campsite. Benny showed Lily how he stored his food in a big tree trunk to keep it safe from other animals. Later that day, Lily and Benny went on a hike and saw a beautiful waterfall. As they were walking back to camp, they heard a loud noise. Benny knew it was a storm coming and quickly showed Lily how to store their belongings safely in the tent. They stayed dry and cozy all night long. The next morning, Lily thanked Benny for showing her his camp and teaching her how to store things safely. She couldnt wait to come back and visit her new friend again.Once upon a time, there was a helpful boy named Joe. One day, Joe heard a noise coming from a well in the woods. He went to investigate, and he found a tiny animal stuck inside. The animal was scared, and it was crying for help. Joe called out, Dont worry, Im here to help! He then grabbed a stick and tried to save the animal. But the stick was too short. He tried again with a longer stick, and it worked Joe pulled the animal out of the well! The animal thanked Joe and said, Thank you for saving me. You are very helpful. Joe smiled and said, Youre welcome. Glad I could help. The two friends waved goodbye and went their separate ways. From then on, Joe was always ready to help out when needed.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his toy boat at the port. One day, he tried to make his boat go faster by pushing it harder, but it didnt work. Timmy felt sad because his boat was too dull and slow. Timmys mom saw him feeling sad and asked him what was wrong. Timmy told her about his boat and how it wouldnt go faster. His mom told him that sometimes we try our best but things dont work out the way we want them to. She also said that its important to be happy with what we have and not always want more. Timmy realized that his boat was still fun to play with even if it was slow. He learned that its okay to try new things, but its also important to be grateful for what we already have. From that day on, Timmy enjoyed playing with his toy boat at the port, even if it was a little dull.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Jenny. On a hot summer day Jenny wanted to go swimming, so she asked her mum, Mum, can I go swimming? Her mum said, Of course, but dont spoil it. Jenny went to the swamp and before she jumped in she felt something slimy. It was a big, slimy frog! Jenny screamed out in surprise and the frog jumped away. Jenny decided to still go swimming but now she was careful. She swam for a long time and when she finally came out of the water she felt really thirsty. She saw a big, juicy fruit hanging from a tree nearby. She picked the fruit and ate it. It was so juicy and spicy! Jenny went home and told her mum about the adventure she had in the swamp. Her mum was glad she had so much fun but said, Just remember not to spoil anything. Jenny nodded and said, Yes, mum.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the sun. One day, she found a big, red apple on the ground. It looked delicious, but when she took a bite, she realized it was rotten. Lilys mom saw her making a face and asked what was wrong. The apple is yucky and rotten, Lily said. Maybe we can find a better one, her mom replied. But Lily was stubborn and wanted to keep looking for a good apple. They walked around the orchard, but all the apples were either too high or too small. Finally, they found a tree with a perfect apple. Yay, we found it! Lily exclaimed. She took a big bite and smiled. It was juicy and sweet, just like the sun shining down on them.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play at the park and swing on the swings. One day, a stranger came to the park. He had a gentle voice and asked Lily if she wanted to play with him. Lily was happy to have a new friend, but she didnt know the stranger was bad. He asked her to balance on the edge of the slide, but she fell and hurt herself. The stranger didnt help her, he just ran away. Lily cried and cried until her mommy came to take her home. She told her mommy about the stranger and how he hurt her. Her mommy was very angry and called the police. They caught the stranger and put him in jail. Lily learned that she should never trust strangers and to always be careful when playing.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved playing outside in the sun. One day, she went to the park with her mom. It was very hot outside, but Lily didnt mind. Lily saw a big slide and wanted to go down it. Her mom said she could, but only if she was careful. Lily climbed up the stairs to the top of the slide. She looked down and saw a bunch of kids waiting at the bottom. She felt excited and happy. Lily started to slide down, but she went too fast. She couldnt stop herself and she hit a point on the slide. She cried out in pain. Her mom rushed over to help her. Lilys arm was broken. She had to go to the hospital and get a cast. From that day on, Lily always remembered to be careful when playing on hot days and to number her steps on the slide.Once upon a time, there was a happy bird. It liked to soar high in the sky. One day, it was flying around when it saw a big missile. It made a loud noise when it shot up into the sky. The bird was scared, so it flew away. It flew away as fast as it could. But the missile was faster and soon it was chasing the bird. The bird zoomed and darted through the sky. It was scared and flew as fast as it could. Finally, the bird was safe. It hugged a tree and the missile flew away. The bird was very happy. It spread its wings and soared into the sky. It soared higher and higher until it could barely be seen. The bird felt peaceful and free, soaring through the sky. The happy bird flew home at the end of the day and it never saw the missile again. Its freedom was safe and it was happy it could soar as high as it wanted.Once upon a time, there was a big dog called Bob. Bob had a regular tail and he loved to play. One day, Bob decided to explore. He entered a forest full of adventure. Bob had been walking for a while and then he heard a strange noise. He stopped and listened carefully. Help! Help!, the noise said. Bob followed the voice and entered a clearing. At the centre of the clearing was a tiny mouse. Oh, thank you for coming to my rescue! the mouse said. Bob asked the mouse what was wrong. Well, I was walking through the woods and got my regular tail caught in a bush, the mouse replied. Bob smiled and said, Dont worry, I can help you. He used his strong paws to untangle the mouses tail from the bush. The mouse was so thankful and the two friends said goodbye. Bob continued his adventure, but this time he was more careful. He knew that an unexpected tail can be quite a surprise!One day the wind came. It was wet and cold. Mommy and Daddy took Sally outside. Daddy was holding Sallys hand. The wind was blowing and loved to tickle Sallys face. Sally laughed and laughed. Daddy laughed too. Mommy wanted to play in the wet wind, too. She found an umbrella and opened it up. The wind came and caught the umbrella. Mommy and Daddy laughed as they ran with the wind. Sally didnt like the wind anymore. The wind was blowing so hard. She asked Daddy to take her inside. He picked her up and carried her inside. The wind kept coming, wet and cold. But Mommy and Daddy knew it was time to stay inside and be warm and dry. They laughed and talked about the fun they had in the wet wind.Once upon a time there were two brothers called Tom and Jack. Tom was 3 years old and Jack was 6 years old. Tom was very gentle and Jack was a little bit naughty. One day Tom received a beautiful trophy. It was gold and shiny with a big red bow on top of it. It said Tom, Best Big Brother. Tom was so proud and he wanted to show Jack. Jack was happy for his brother, but he wanted the trophy for himself. So he tried to spoil it. He shook it and held it the wrong way up. Tom was sad and said, Stop it Jack! Please treat my trophy gently. Jack stopped and hugged his brother. He said, Im sorry Tom. I wont spoil your trophy again. You deserve it! Tom smiled and hugged Jack back. From that day on, Jack was always very gentle with Toms trophy.John had a phone. He used it to talk and play games. One day he asked a question. He held the phone up to his ear and heard the dull sound of a dial tone. He was confused. He looked at the phone and shook it, wondering what was wrong. He asked his mom. She told him it meant that no one was answering his call. John asked how he could reach someone. His mom said he would have to dial a number and wait for someone to answer. John tried again. He dialed a number and this time heard the sound of someone speaking. He smiled. Now he could ask his question and get an answer. He talked excitedly shouting his question. His mom looked at him and smiled. She was proud that he could use the phone to get the answer he wanted.Lily and Ben liked to play in the yard. They had a lot of junk that they found in the trash. They made cars and robots and houses with the junk. They had fun with their junk. One day, a big dog came to the yard. He was hungry and angry. He saw the junk and thought it was food. He started to bite and tear the junk. He made a big mess. Lily and Ben were scared. They ran to the porch and hid. Go away, dog! Lily shouted. That is our junk, not your food! But the dog did not listen. He kept biting and tearing the junk. He found a bottle of hot sauce that Ben had used to make a rocket. He bit the bottle and the sauce came out. It was very spicy. The dog yelped and ran away. He did not like the spicy sauce. Lily and Ben came out of the porch. They saw their junk was ruined. They were sad. They hugged each other. Sorry, Lily, Ben said. I should not have used the hot sauce. It was a bad idea. Its okay, Ben, Lily said. We can find more junk. We can make new things. We can unite our junk and make something better. They smiled and held hands. They went to look for more junk. They were happy. They loved their junk.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved candy and sweets, but she hated mint. One day, her mom gave her a candy that had a terrible mint flavor. Lily made a face and said, I hate mint, Mommy! Her mom replied, Oh no, Im sorry you dont like it. Would you like a different candy instead? Lily nodded her head and her mom gave her a delicious candy that tasted like strawberries. Lily smiled and said, Yum, this candy is so yummy! Thank you, Mommy! From that day on, Lily made sure to always ask if her candy had mint in it before she ate it. She never wanted to taste that terrible flavor again.Once upon a time, there was an original trap. It was built by a man who wanted to catch something important. He asked his friend for help, and together they put the trap in a secret spot. The man waited near the trap, hoping to catch something. After a while, a little rabbit hopped into the trap! The man was so excited that he asked his friend to help him carry the trap away. Once they reached the mans home, he looked at the trap and smiled. He thanked his friend for the help and released the rabbit into the wild. He hoped that the rabbit would find its way home, and be safe again.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Jake. Jake was very smart and always looking for something fun to do. He one day decided to play a game. As he played, he noticed something special. Each time he played the game, he got better and better. Jakes game skills increased and he was having a good time. He kept at it day after day and with each playing, his skills grew. Pretty soon, Jake was the best game player in the whole town. Everyone talked about how good Jake had become. One day, a friend of Jakes asked him how he had gotten so good. Jake smiled and said, I just kept playing until I became the best! Ever since then, Jake has continued to play games and his skills keep increasing. The end!Anna and Ben like to paint. They have many colors and brushes. They paint on paper, on walls, on rocks, and on trees. One day, they go to the park with Mom and Dad. They see a big cliff. It is very high and steep. They want to paint on it. They ask Mom and Dad if they can paint on the cliff. Mom and Dad say no. They say it is too dangerous. They say they can paint on the grass or on the sand. But Anna and Ben do not listen. They sneak away with their paints and brushes. They climb up the cliff. They find a flat spot. They start to paint. They paint a fierce lion. It has a big mane and sharp teeth. It roars at the sky. They paint a fierce tiger. It has stripes and claws. It growls at the lion. They paint a fierce bear. It has fur and a big nose. It snorts at the tiger. They are very proud of their paintings. They do not see the dark clouds. Soon, it starts to rain. The rain is heavy and cold. It washes away their paintings. It makes the cliff slippery and muddy. Anna and Ben are scared. They try to go down the cliff. But they slip and slide. They cry for help. Mom and Dad hear them. They run to the cliff. They see Anna and Ben. They are very worried. They call the firemen. The firemen come with a big truck and a long ladder. They climb up the cliff. They rescue Anna and Ben. They bring them down to the ground. They are safe. Mom and Dad hug Anna and Ben. They are happy they are safe. But they are also angry. They scold Anna and Ben. They say they should not have gone to the cliff. They say they should have listened to them. They say they should not paint on dangerous places. They say they should be careful and smart. Anna and Ben are sorry. They say they are sorry. They say they will not do it again. They say they will paint on safe places. They say they will listen to Mom and Dad. They say they love them. Mom and Dad forgive them. They say they love them too. They say they are glad they are safe. They say they can still paint. But they have to be careful and smart. They give them new paints and brushes. They help them paint on the grass and on the sand. They paint a rainbow. It has many colors. It smiles at the sky.Once upon a time there were two friends who worked together. They were very happy to help each other. With their work they made beautiful things. One day they made the perfect castle. It was even better than they thought it could be. Their friends saw the castle and said it was perfect. Together the friends had lots of fun. They built and played in their perfect castle. The friends worked together very well. They were the best of friends and had the perfect castle.Once there was a boy named Charlie who was very curious and liked to explore. He found a haystack in the farm near his house, and needed to know what was inside it. He knew it was serious and should not go inside, but the curiosity was too much. One day he crept in, looking around. He found many interesting things! But then he heard a voice shouting, Charlie, what are you doing in there? It was Farmer Jim, who owned the farm. He was very serious about his hay, and he did not want anyone taking it. Charlie, he said, you need to stay out of the haystack. It is not safe to play in here. Charlie knew it was wrong to disobey Farmer Jim and he felt bad that he made the old man so angry. He understood the importance of following rules and respecting other peoples property. Charlie thanked FarmerJim and promised to never take another persons belongings without permission. From then on, he knew that it was very important to always follow the rules and never be too curious for his own good.Lily and Tom were at the zoo with their mom. They saw many animals, like lions, monkeys, and giraffes. But their favorite animal was the hippo. The hippo was big and gray, and it liked to swim in the water. Look, mom, the hippo is so dirty! Lily said. It has mud all over its skin. Thats how hippos stay cool and protect themselves from the sun, mom explained. They also have very thick skin, so they dont feel the bites of bugs. Can we touch the hippo, mom? Tom asked. No, sweetie, the hippo is too dangerous to touch. It has very big teeth and it can bite very hard. We can only watch it from a safe distance, mom said. Lily and Tom nodded. They understood that the hippo was not a pet, but a wild animal. They decided to wave at the hippo and say hello. Hello, hippo! they shouted. You are very big and dirty, but we like you! The hippo heard them and lifted its head from the water. It opened its mouth and made a loud noise. It sounded like a laugh. Did the hippo laugh at us, mom? Lily asked. Maybe it did, or maybe it said hello back, mom said. We dont know what the hippo thinks, but we can imagine. Lily and Tom smiled. They liked to imagine what the hippo thought. They decided to make up a story about the hippo and its friends in the water. They had fun at the zoo.Ben liked to swim in the pool with his mom and dad. He had a big floaty that helped him stay on the water. He kicked his legs and splashed his arms. He felt happy and free. One day, he saw a little girl sitting on the edge of the pool. She looked troubled. She had a bandage on her knee. Ben wanted to help her. He swam to her and said hello. The girl said her name was Mia. She said she hurt her knee when she fell off her bike. She said she was scared to swim because of her bandage. Ben said he had a floaty that could help her. He asked her if she wanted to try. Mia nodded. She smiled a little. Ben gave her his floaty and helped her get in the water. He held her hand and told her it was okay. They swam together and had fun. They laughed and played. Ben and Mia became friends. They shared their floaty and their stories. They forgot about their troubles. They enjoyed swimming in the pool.Once upon a time, there was a reindeer named Rudolph. Rudolph was very special because he had a shiny red nose that glowed in the dark. One day, Rudolphs friend, a little girl named Lily, wanted to make some cookies. She asked Rudolph to help her. Rudolph loved cookies, so he agreed to help. Lily wanted to make spicy cookies, so she put some hot pepper in the dough. Rudolph thought it was a strange idea, but he wanted to help his friend, so he acted like he liked the spicy cookies. They baked the cookies together and they smelled very good. When the cookies were ready, Rudolph and Lily sat down to eat them. Rudolph took a bite of the spicy cookie and his nose started to glow even brighter! Lily was amazed and happy that Rudolph liked the cookies. From that day on, Rudolph and Lily made spicy cookies together every Christmas.Anna and Ben were best friends. They liked to play in the park and look for shiny things. One day, they found a big, bright diamond in the grass. They were very happy and excited. Wow, look at this! Anna said. It is so pretty and sparkly. Can we keep it? Of course we can, Ben said. It is ours now. We found it fair and square. They put the diamond in their pocket and ran to show their moms. But on the way, they saw a lady crying on a bench. She looked very sad and lost. Excuse me, miss, Anna said. Why are you crying? The lady looked up and saw the children. She wiped her tears and smiled a little. Hello, dear. You are very kind to ask. I am crying because I lost my diamond ring. It was a gift from my husband, and it means a lot to me. I dropped it somewhere in the park, and I cant find it. Anna and Ben felt sorry for the lady. They looked at each other and remembered the diamond in their pocket. They knew what they had to do. Miss, we have something to tell you, Ben said. We found your diamond ring. It was in the grass over there. We are sorry we took it. We didnt know it was yours. They gave the diamond back to the lady. She was overjoyed and hugged them. Thank you, thank you, thank you! she said. You are very honest and brave. You made me so happy. You can have this as a reward. She gave them each a candy bar. Anna and Ben smiled and thanked the lady. They learned a valuable lesson that day. They learned that it is better to be truthful and generous than to be greedy and selfish. They also learned that sometimes, delaying what you want can lead to something better. They were very intelligent and good friends.Once upon a time, there was a bad man. He had a steak for dinner, and he wanted to eat it outside. He took the steak, and walked out onto the balcony. Suddenly, he stumbled and the steak dropped from his hands. It fell down, far below and landed in the street. The bad man was so sad that he couldnt eat the steak. He knew he would never have it again. He stopped and looked down. He saw a little girl standing by the steak, in the street. She was smiling and eating it. The bad man felt better, he was happy that the little girl was enjoying his steak. The next day, the little girl came back with her mommy. The little girl gave the bad man a hug and said, Thank you for letting me have the steak! The bad man smiled, and they all lived happily ever after.Tom liked to sort his toys. He had a box for cars, a box for blocks, and a box for animals. He put each toy in the right box. He was very good at sorting. One day, he found a new toy in his room. It was a dragon. It was big and green and had wings and teeth. Tom did not know where to put the dragon. It was not a car, or a block, or an animal. He looked for another box, but there was none. He decided to make a new box for the dragon. He got some cardboard and tape and scissors. He cut and taped the cardboard until he had a big box. He wrote dragon on the side. He was very proud of his box. He lifted the dragon and tried to put it in the box. But the dragon was too fat. It did not fit in the box. Tom pushed and pulled, but the dragon was stuck. The dragon was not happy. It roared and breathed fire. It burned the box and the tape and the scissors. It freed itself and flew away. Tom was sad and scared. He had lost his dragon and his box. He ran to his mom and hugged her. He told her what happened. She hugged him back and said, Its okay, Tom. You did your best. But maybe next time, you should ask me before you play with a dragon.Mia and Leo were playing in the park. They liked to run and jump and slide. Mia saw a big hill with a lot of flowers. She wanted to go there and smell them. Come on, Leo, lets go to the hill! she said. OK, Mia, but be careful. There might be bees there, Leo said. They ran to the hill and started to climb. Mia saw a yellow flower that looked like a star. She reached for it, but something moved in the grass. It was a hairy animal with long ears and a fluffy tail. It was a bunny! Look, Leo, a bunny! Mia said. Wow, Mia, its so cute! Leo said. They wanted to pet the bunny, but the bunny was scared. It sprang away and ran to a hole. Mia and Leo followed it, but they could not see it anymore. Where did it go? Mia asked. Maybe it went to its home, Leo said. They looked around and saw a lot of holes in the ground. They wondered if the bunny had friends and family there. They also saw some rice plants growing near the holes. They remembered that their mom had cooked rice for lunch. Maybe the bunnies eat rice, Mia said. Maybe they do, Leo said. They decided to leave some rice for the bunnies. They took some from their lunch box and put it near the holes. They hoped the bunnies would like it. Bye, bunnies, we hope you come out and play with us next time, Mia said. Bye, bunnies, we hope you enjoy the rice, Leo said. They waved to the holes and went back to the park. They did not know that the bunnies were watching them from their home. They were happy and grateful for the rice. They thought Mia and Leo were very nice. They wanted to be their friends.Once upon a time, there was a young boy. His name was Max and he had a beautiful red wagon. He liked to take their wagon to the park and would smile and laugh every time he pushed it around. One day, Max was feeling so sad and he couldnt figure out why. He pulled his wagon to the park, but he didnt feel like laughing like usual. Instead, Max sighed and looked at his wagon. Max wanted to make it special and so he bubbled it with colored markers and made a big green bird on it. Then he stood back and smiled, now it was the best wagon ever! Max felt happy and excited again and he started to push around his wagon around the park. He laughed and smiled, glad that he had made his wagon so special. And he would never forget the feel of that wagon, as it he pushed it around.The pupil was sad. She was feeling bad and teary. Her teacher noticed and asked the pupil what was wrong. I just feel so lonely, the little girl answered. The teacher touched her on the shoulder and said, I understand how you feel. Go ahead and take a break, I will join you soon. The pupil went outside to the playground. There were no other children there but she saw a friendly puppy. She touched the puppy and it made her feel a little better. The teacher came outside and smiled. You have a friend now, she said. Hes here to help you feel better when youre feeling bad. The pupil thanked her and befriended the puppy. From that day on, she was never lonely again. The puppy was always there to touch and to comfort her.Sophie and Kara were best friends. They liked to play together in the garden. One day, they found a hedge in the garden and decided to play hide and seek behind it. They giggled as they hid, but soon Sophie began to weep. Kara looked at her friend in surprise. Why are you crying? she asked. Sophie wiped her eyes and said, The hedge was too harsh. It scratched me when I hid. Kara was sad to see her friend so unhappy. She gave Sophie a big hug and said, Dont weep, well find somewhere else to play. They ran away from the hedge and found a big tree to play around. Even though Sophies arm was scratched, she had a great time. She stopped weeping and smiled as she stayed out and played with her best friend.Lila and Ben were friends who liked to play with toys. One day, they found a big kangaroo toy in the park. It was soft and brown and had a pouch. They both wanted to hug it and take it home. Mine! said Lila, grabbing the kangaroo. No, mine! said Ben, pulling the kangaroo. They started to fight and tug on the toy. The kangaroo looked sad and scared. Stop! said a voice. It was Mia, another friend who was watching them. You are hurting the kangaroo. You should share it. Sharing is good. Lila and Ben looked at Mia. They felt ashamed. They knew she was right. They let go of the kangaroo and said sorry to each other. Can we all play with the kangaroo? asked Lila. Sure, said Ben. We can take turns. You can go first. They smiled and hugged. They thanked Mia for being a good friend. They played with the kangaroo and had fun. The kangaroo was happy too. It liked to be with kind and humble children.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy had a cold and needed some medicine to feel better. His mom told him to take the medicine from the cabinet, but Timmy couldnt open it. He tried and tried, but it wouldnt budge. Timmys sister saw him struggling and decided to help. She said, Ill join you and we can open it together! They both pushed and pulled until the cabinet finally opened. But when they looked inside, they saw that the medicine was all gone. Timmy started to cry because he didnt feel well and wanted to take his medicine. His sister hugged him and said, Dont worry, well ask mom to get more medicine for you. And thats exactly what they did. Timmy took his medicine and felt better in no time.Lily and Tom were playing with their toys in the living room. They liked to be organized and put everything in its place. Lily had a box of dolls and Tom had a box of cars. They shared some blocks and puzzles. Suddenly, they heard a loud scream from the kitchen. It was their mom. She had burned her hand on the stove. She ran to the sink and put her hand under the water. She was crying and saying ouch, ouch, ouch. Lily and Tom were scared. They did not know what to do. They wanted to help their mom. They remembered that their dad had taught them what to do in an emergency. He had said to call 911 and tell them what happened. Lily grabbed the phone and dialed 911. She said Hello, my mom burned her hand on the stove. We need help. We live at 123 Main Street. Please hurry. Tom ran to the kitchen and got a towel. He wrapped it around his moms hand. He said Dont worry, mom. Lily called 911. They are coming to help you. You will be okay. Soon, they heard a siren outside. It was the ambulance. Two people came in with a stretcher and a bag. They asked Lily and Tom some questions. They checked their moms hand and gave her some medicine. They said she had to go to the hospital, but she would be fine. They said Lily and Tom were very brave and organized. They said they could go with their mom or stay with a neighbor until their dad came home. Lily and Tom decided to go with their mom. They hugged her and said they loved her. They got in the ambulance and waved goodbye to their toys. They hoped their mom would feel better soon. They were glad they knew what to do in an emergency.Once there was a little boy who had a very special stick. He carried it around with him wherever he went. One day, he was walking along and he decided to poke the stick at the knot in a nearby tree. He poked and poked, but nothing happened. The little boy asked his mom, Why wont the knot come out? His mom smiled and said, Well, honey, it takes patience and hard work to untie knots. You must be slow and gentle in order to make it happen. The little boy thought and thought, then he tried again. Slowly and carefully, he poked the stick at the knot and after a while, it finally moved a little. The little boy smiled and kept trying slowly and gently. Eventually, the knot loosened enough that the little boy pulled it out. The little boy learnt a valuable lesson that day if youre patient and you work hard, you can do anything!Once upon a time, there was a bird who had a cozy nest in a tree. The bird was happy and calm in its nest. But one day, a big storm came and blew the nest out of the tree. The bird was very sad and started to weep. The bird didnt know what to do, so it flew around looking for a new place to make a nest. It flew and flew until it found a nice spot in a bush. The bird worked hard and made a new nest. It was cozy and warm, and the bird was happy again. From that day on, the bird knew that even if bad things happen, it can always find a way to make things better. And if it ever feels sad, its okay to weep and let the tears out.Once upon a time there was a curious little girl. She liked to explore and find interesting things. One day while she was playing by the river, she spotted a twinkling diamond on the ground. She said to herself, Ooh, a diamond! She picked it up and brought it home to show her mum. Mum smiled and said, Thats a pretty diamond, my love. We should look after it and keep it as our special gem. The little girl nodded and carefully placed the diamond in her pocket. But later that evening, when the diamond was nowhere to be found, everyone was very sad. The little girls mum looked at her and asked, Do you know where the diamond is, my love? We really want it back. The little girl felt so guilty and ashamed. She knew she had lost it in the river. She looked up at her mum and said, Im so sorry, Mum. I lost the diamond in the river. Mum smiled and said. Its ok, my love. I forgive you. Lets go and search for the diamond tomorrow. The next day they went to the river and searched and searched until they finally found the diamond. Everyone was so happy! Mum said to the little girl, Im so glad we found the diamond. That was so kind of you to come here and help look for itOne day, a boy was searching for something in his room. He looked around the room, but he couldnt find what he wanted. He was getting frustrated and started to feel fierce. The boy got down on his hands and knees and looked where he hadnt looked before. He saw a drawer and thought that maybe his things would be inside. He grabbed the handle of the drawer and pulled it open. He searched inside the drawer and suddenly his face lit up with joy. He had found what he was looking for! He pulled out a big, red toy car which he had been searching for. The boy hugged the car and smiled. He had found it after all!Once upon a time there was a little girl called Margaret who liked to explore. One day Margaret was exploring in her garden when she saw something funny â a big number sitting in the grass! Margaret went over to pick it up and noticed it smelt yummy like a treat. She quickly popped it in her mouth to find out what it tasted like. Unfortunately, it wasnât yummy at all it was poison! Margaret started to feel really sick and her face went all red. She ran to find her mum who quickly took her to the doctorâs. The doctor told Margaret not to ever eat mysterious numbers again. After a few days, Margaret learned her lesson and never ate a strange number again. She always made sure to ask a grownup first before putting something yummy in her mouth!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. Lily loved to bake cakes with her mom. One day, they decided to make a pink cake for Lilys grandmas birthday. They mixed flour, sugar, and eggs together in a bowl. Lilys mom let her stir the batter with a big spoon. Lily was very happy to help. But then, Lilys little brother came into the kitchen. He was feeling bad because he had a cold. He started to sneeze and cough all over the cake batter! Lilys mom said, Oh no, thats not good. We cant use this bad cake batter now. They had to throw it away and start all over again. But Lily didnt mind. She loved baking with her mom, even if they had to start over sometimes.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to eat steak because it was so tasty. One day, Timmys mom cooked him a big juicy steak for dinner. Timmy was so happy and said, Mommy, this steak is so yummy! Can we have it every day? His mom replied, No, Timmy. We cant have steak every day. Its not good for our bodies. Timmy didnt understand why he couldnt have steak every day, so his mom asked him to imagine eating only one thing every day. Timmy thought about it and said, I dont want to eat the same thing every day. That would be boring! His mom smiled and said, Thats right, Timmy. Eating a variety of foods is important to keep our bodies healthy. So lets enjoy this tasty steak today, but remember to eat different foods every day. And Timmy learned that its important to have a balanced diet.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to walk around her neighborhood with her mom. One day, they saw a red mailbox on the street. Lily asked her mom, What is that red thing? Thats a mailbox, her mom replied. Lily went closer to examine the mailbox. She saw that there were letters inside. Mom, can we check the letters? Lily asked. No, Lily. Those letters belong to someone else. Its not polite to read them, her mom explained. Lily nodded and they continued their walk. As they walked, they smelled something tasty coming from a bakery. They went inside and bought some cookies. They were so yummy that Lily asked her mom to buy more. Her mom laughed and said, Maybe next time.Once upon a time there was a girl named Lucy. She loved nature. Every day, she would take a thin stick and go walking in the forest. One day, Lucy saw a bird flapping his wings in the sky. She wanted to fly like the bird, so she asked her mom for help. She requested for some wings. Her mom smiled lovingly and told Lucy that only nature can give her wings. She said, âœLook around you, Lucy! Nature has many gifts to offer.â Lucy looked around. The trees were waving in the breeze, the little birds were chirping happily and the sun was shining brightly. Lucy smiled and said, âœYes, nature is a wonderful place!â From that day on, Lucy would always take a thin stick and explore her beautiful nature. She knew that if she was patient, nature would reward her with the gift of wings one day.Once upon a time there were two friends named Emily and Max. Max asked Emily,Will you share your towel with me? Emily said,absolutely! Max used Emilys towel and he felt fit and warm. Emily was happy to share her towel with Max. She smiled and said,Its nice to share with you. Max said,Can I have a towel of my own? Emily said,Sure! You can pick any one from my closet. I have lots of towels there. You can pick one that fits you. Max opened the closet and saw lots of towels. He picked one that fit him perfectly. Max thanked Emily for sharing her towel. Emily said,Im glad you found a towel that fits you. They both smiled and hugged each other tightly. Then they laughed and shared the towel again.Once upon a time there was a magical land where it never stopped raining. Everywhere that you looked, it was cloudy and wet. One day, the clouds began to melt and the sun started to shine. Everyone was so excited! Everyone was so happy that the sun was shining and the sky was so blue. All of the children went outside to play and the adults smiled and laughed. The sun was shining so brightly that it started to melt the snow. Inside the snow, everyone found a secret surprise it was a beautiful cup of milk! Everyone was so amazed and they all clapped in excitement. The magical milk was so amazing that it made everyone laugh and smile. Everyone drank the delicious milk and it was so yummy that it made them all feel happy. From that day on, the magical land was always sunny and the magical milk was always there to make everyone smile. Everyone was so happy and thankful that the clouds melted and the sun shone.Once upon a time there was a little girl called Olivia. She was threeyearsold and wanted to measure something. Olivia asked her mummy, What can I measure? Her mummy opened the kitchen drawer and gave Olivia a menu. This is a menu, said her mummy. It looks funny, Olivia replied. Mummy smiled and said, You can measure with it. It is flexible. You can change it however you like. Olivia got out some paper and a pencil. She started to measure things with the menu. She measured the kitchen table and the chairs. She even measured the curtains! When she was finished measuring the room with the menu, Mum said, Now its supper time. Lets order from the menu youve been measuring with! Olivia was so happy and proud. She had learnt how to measure with the flexible menu.John was sitting outside in the garden when he saw a light mosquito flying around. What a funny looking mosquito, he thought. He laughed to himself, thinking it was fun to see the mosquito flying around like that. Suddenly, John thought up a joke. He waved his arms around like the mosquito and said in a silly voice, Hee hee, Im a mosquito! His mom heard him and couldnt help but giggle. John laughed at himself for being silly, it was fun to joke about. He waved his arms up and down like he was flying around, and he made funny buzzing noises too. Johns mom smiled and said, John, that was a funny joke! She tickled his side and they both laughed together. John had lots of fun making silly mosquito jokes. He was so happy he could make his mom laugh!Tommy skipped in the park. His mum watched him from nearby. He smiled as he skipped from one side of the park to the other. Suddenly, Tommy saw something in the grass. It was a ladybug! It had wings that were open and he slowly moved a finger towards it. Just as he was about to touch it, the ladybug flew away. Tommy gasped with mazement. Well done Tommy, said his mum. Can you remember what the ladybug wings were like? Tommy thought for a moment. Open! he shouted, jumping up and down. Tommys mum smiled and hugged him. Thats right! she said. Now letâs go and keep skipping!Once upon a time, there was a kind bear. The bear liked to read books. One day, the bear read a book about a big game. The game was called soccer. The bear wanted to play soccer too! So, the bear went outside and found some friends. They played soccer together and the bear scored a goal! The bear was so happy and they all had fun playing together.Anna and Ben are restless. They do not want to nap. They want to act like animals. Lets act like lions, Ben says. He roars and crawls on the floor. OK, I will act like a zebra, Anna says. She makes stripes on her face with a crayon and runs around. They have fun acting like animals. They make a lot of noise. Mom hears them and comes to their room. She is not happy. What are you doing? she asks. You are supposed to nap. Look at this mess! Sorry, Mom, Anna and Ben say. We are restless. We want to act like animals. Mom sighs. She picks up the crayon and wipes Annas face. You can act like animals later, she says. But now you need to rest. You have a big step tomorrow. You are going to preschool for the first time. Anna and Ben feel excited and nervous. They want to go to preschool, but they also want to stay with Mom. Will you come with us, Mom? Anna asks. Of course, I will, Mom says. I will be there to help you and hug you. But you will also make new friends and learn new things. You will like preschool, I promise. Anna and Ben nod. They hug Mom and lie down on their beds. They close their eyes and try to sleep. They are still restless, but they also feel happy. They dream of acting like animals with their new friends.Once upon a time, two friends named Jack and Jane had a fight. Jack got angry and Jane got sad. They both felt bad. Today, the two friends made up. They hugged and laughed. Jack said, Lets play! Jane said, Yes, lets! They had so much fun! They played hideandseek and they sang songs. They even made cookies together. At the end of the day, they were so sleepy. They said goodnight, gave each other one last hug, and headed home. And they lived happily ever after.Once upon a time, there was a big bear. The bear was very strong and had lots of power. He liked to walk in the forest and eat berries. One day, he saw a small rabbit. The rabbit was very scared of the big bear. The bear wanted to be friends with the rabbit, but the rabbit was too scared to talk to him. The next day, the bear saw the rabbit again. This time, the rabbit was not scared anymore. They talked and had fun together. Suddenly, a big wolf appeared. The wolf was very icy and wanted to fight the bear. But the bear was not scared. He used his power to fight the wolf and protect his new friend, the rabbit. After the fight, the bear and the rabbit were very happy. They hugged each other and promised to always be friends. From that day on, the bear and the rabbit played together every day in the forest.Ben and Sam are friends. They like to play golf in the park. Golf is a game with a stick and a ball. They hit the ball with the stick and try to make it go in a hole. One day, they see a big pond in the park. There are boats on the pond. The boats have sails. The sails are like big sheets that catch the wind. The wind makes the boats move on the water. Look, Sam, boats! Ben says. Lets go and see them. OK, Ben, but we have to be careful. The pond is deep and wet, Sam says. They run to the pond and watch the boats. They see different colors and shapes of sails. Some are red, some are blue, some are yellow. Some are square, some are triangle, some are circle. Wow, they are so pretty! Ben says. I wish we had a boat. Me too, Sam says. Maybe we can make one. They look around and see some things they can use. They find a big box, a long stick, a rope, and a sheet. They put the box on the water. They tie the stick to the box with the rope. They tie the sheet to the stick with the rope. They have made a boat with a sail. Look, Sam, we have a boat! Ben says. Lets sail on the pond. OK, Ben, but we have to be careful. The wind is strong and the water is wavy, Sam says. They get in the box and hold the stick. The wind blows the sheet and the boat moves on the water. They feel happy and excited. They sail on the pond and have fun. They forget about golf for a while. They are sailors.Once there was a popular spirit who lived in the village. He was nice and he liked to stir things up. Everywhere he went, he made people smile. He was so popular, that everyone wanted to be his friend. One day, the spirit decided to stir up some trouble. He ran around the village, playing pranks on the people by hiding their things and making silly noises. The people laughed and the spirit couldnt help but let out a little giggle too. Soon, he was stirring up trouble all over the village. Everyone was having a lot of fun, but the spirit had stirred up too much trouble. He was so tired he just wanted to sleep. The village people noticed what the spirit had done and they took care of him. They helped him find a warm place to sleep, away from all the trouble he had stirred up. From then on, everyone in the village looked out for the popular spirit. He was happy and safe, and everyone always made sure he had a lot of fun.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside with her friends and explore the woods behind her house. One day, she found a mysterious bell hidden in a bush. She picked it up and shook it, but nothing happened. Lily decided to take the bell home and show her mom. When she got home, she revealed the bell to her mom and asked if she knew what it was for. Her mom didnt know either, so they decided to ask Lilys grandma. Grandma told them that the bell was very old and had been passed down through their family for generations. She said that it was used to call people to dinner a long time ago. Lily was so excited to learn about the bells history and couldnt wait to show it to her friends. From that day on, the mysterious bell became one of Lilys most treasured possessions.Once there was a little girl in the garden. She saw a big beetle crawling on a thick tree. The girl was so excited and she wanted to catch it. She quickly ran up to the beetle and tried to grab it. But the beetle was too fast. It flew away and the girl started to cry. Just then her mom called her. âœCome here my little one! Donât worry about that beetle. Letâs go play something else.â The girl tearfully told her mom, âœBut mom, I really wanted to catch the beetle!â Her mom smiled and said, âœI know, sweetheart. Donât worry, the next time you come here the beetle will still be here.â The little girl was so happy and she stopped crying. She decided to go pick some flowers before coming back to look for the beetle. The next day, she woke up early and ran to the garden. There it was the big beetle still on the thick tree! She was so excited and quickly ran to catch it. This time she was faster than before and the beetle was in her hands. She gleefully brought it back home and showed it to her mom. Her mom laughed and said, âœSee, I told you the beetle would still be here!â The little girl smiled, glad that she had been able catch theOnce upon a time, there was a wild spirit. He loved exploring the forest and playing tricks on the animals. One day, he was playing his tricks, when he heard a loud voice. It said Danger! This is your warning! The wild spirit was scared but curious. He wanted to know why he was being warned. So, he crept closer and closer. Suddenly, he saw an enormous fire. It was huge and blazing! The wild spirit was afraid and ran away as fast as he could. He knew the danger was real, and that he had been warned. The wild spirit was never seen again. But he did pass on his warning to the animals, so that they could stay safe and be careful. They listened and heeded his warning, and so everyone lived happily ever after.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, she went to the park with her mommy. While they were playing on the swings, a stranger came up to them. Lily felt scared and started to cry. But her mommy told her not to worry because the stranger was a nice person. The stranger talked to Lily and made her feel comfortable. They played together and had lots of fun. After a while, it was time for Lily and her mommy to go home. Lily waved goodbye to the stranger and smiled. She realized that sometimes strangers can be kind and make us feel happy too.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the rain. One day, Lilys mommy gave her an envelope and told her to keep it safe. The envelope was wet because it was raining outside. Lily put the envelope in her pocket and ran outside to play. She laughed and jumped in puddles, feeling the raindrops on her face. Suddenly, she slipped and fell into a big puddle. Her pocket was wet and the envelope was gone! Lily looked all around for the envelope, but she couldnt find it. She was sad and worried that she had lost something important. But then, her mommy came outside and found the envelope in the grass. Lily was so happy and relieved that she laughed and gave her mommy a big hug. From then on, she always made sure to keep important things dry.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily who loved to play with her toys on the rug in her room. One day, her mom came in and said, Lily, its time to clean up your toys and stop playing for now. Lily didnt want to stop playing, but she knew she had to listen to her mom. She picked up all of her toys and put them away. Later that day, Lilys dad came home from work and asked her how her day was. Lily said, It was successful! I played with my toys on the rug and then I cleaned them up when Mom told me to stop. Her dad smiled and said, Thats great, Lily. Im so proud of you for being such a good listener. And with that, Lily felt happy and proud of herself too.Once upon a time, Timmy and his mom went to visit the zoo. They saw many animals like lions, tigers, and elephants. Timmy was very happy to see all the animals, but he wanted to see a gorilla the most. Finally, they found the gorilla and Timmy was so excited! He went up to the gorilla and said, Hi gorilla, you are big and strong! The gorilla looked at Timmy and said, Thank you, little boy. I am honest and kind too. Suddenly, another gorilla came and started to fight with the first gorilla. Timmy got scared and ran to his mom. His mom said, Dont worry Timmy, the zookeepers will come and help the gorillas. After the fight was over, Timmy went back to visit the gorillas. The first gorilla said, Thank you for visiting me again. You are a good friend. Timmy smiled and said, I will visit you again soon, my gorilla friend.Ben and Lily wanted to help Mom make cookies. They put on their aprons and went to the kitchen. Mom smiled and said, You can help me mix the dough and cut the shapes. But be careful, the stove is hot and we dont want to make a mess. Ben and Lily nodded and climbed on the chairs. Mom gave them a big bowl and a wooden spoon. They took turns to pour the flour, the sugar, the butter and the eggs. They stirred and stirred until the dough was soft and sticky. Mom said, Good job! Now we can roll the dough and use the cookie cutters. Ben and Lily sprinkled some flour on the table and on the rolling pin. They rolled the dough flat and thin. They had many cookie cutters stars, hearts, circles, flowers and animals. They pressed them on the dough and made many shapes. They put them on a baking tray. Mom said, Very nice! Now we can put them in the oven. But remember, the stove is hot, so let me do it. Mom opened the oven and slid the tray inside. She set the timer and said, We have to wait for 15 minutes. Then the cookies will be ready. Do you want to help me clean up the kitchen? Ben and Lily looked at the table. It was messy. There was flour, dough and crumbs everywhere. They said, Yes, Mom, we want to help. They got off the chairs and knelt on the floor. They picked up the cookie cutters and the rolling pin and put them in the sink. They wiped the table with a cloth. They swept the floor with a broom. They threw the trash in the bin. Mom said, Thank you, Ben and Lily. You are very helpful and sweet. Now lets see if the cookies are done. They heard the timer beep. Mom took out the tray and put it on a rack. The cookies were golden and smelled yummy. Mom said, They look delicious. Lets wait for them to cool down a bit. Then we can eat them and share them with Dad and Grandma. You can choose your favorite shapes. Ben and Lily clapped and cheered. They were happy. They helped Mom make cookies and they cleaned up the kitchen. They were good children.Once upon a time, there was a green potato. All day long, he would lean against the wall in the kitchen. He was content to stay in one spot, until one day a family of mice came along. The mice were very excited to see the green potato leaning against the wall. They asked him to come with them on an adventure. The potato leaned and said yes! So off they went, the potato and the mice. They traveled through the forest, looking for something fun to do. Soon they stumbled upon a pond. The potato decided to lean down and take a peek at the pond. He was amazed by all the different creatures he saw! The potato and the mice played in the pond for the rest of the day. Eventually, the sun started to set and it was time to head home. The green potato leaned against the wall once again, content and happy with his adventure.Once upon a time, there was a cheerful little dog named Spot. Spot liked nothing better than to play in the sunshine and go for walks in the park. One day, Spot went for a walk in the park. While they were there, Spot noticed a dusty old house. He decided to take a closer look. As Spot got closer, he heard a friendly voice calling out to him Welcome, Spot! Please come in! Spot was very curious. He walked inside to find an old woman sitting in a rocking chair. She had a kind face, and a big smile. She said Why, hello there! What can I do for you? Spot wasnt sure why the old woman wanted to welcome him, but he was happy to listen. The woman told him that this was her house and she hadnt had a visitor in many years. She said that Spot was welcome in her home anytime. Spot thanked the woman for her kind words and he promised to visit again soon. He waved goodbye and ran back outside, feeling cheerful and happy. As Spot walked away, he remembered that the dust in the old house was the sign of a warm and welcoming place.Once upon a time, there was a deer. The deer was very lonely because it had no friends to play with. One day, the deer closed its eyes and started to imagine having lots of friends to play with. It imagined running and jumping with its new friends in the forest. Suddenly, the deer heard a rustling sound in the bushes. It opened its eyes and saw a group of friendly rabbits hopping towards it. The deer was overjoyed and it played with the rabbits all day long. From that day on, the deer was never lonely again because it had lots of new friends to play with.Once upon a time, there was an old man who lived in a small house. Every morning, the old man went outside to listen to the birds singing in the trees. One morning, the old man heard something that sounded strange. He stepped closer and saw a small hole in the ground. He peered into the hole and said, I wonder whats down there. He decided to try and open the hole. He pushed and pulled, but it wouldnt open. Feeling frustrated, he stepped back and heard a small voice coming from inside the hole. The old man listened carefully and heard the voice say, Please help me, somebody! The old man replied, Dont worry, Ill have you out of there soon. He worked hard and eventually managed to open the hole. Out came a tiny mouse, who thanked the old man with a smile. The old man smiled back and said, Its always good to listen.Once upon a time, there was a little duck. The duck loved to play in the water and get all wet. But one day, the duck felt very dirty and wanted to be clean. So, the duck went to the pond to bathe. The duck splashed and played in the water until it was all clean. After the bath, the duck wanted to go on an adventure. So, the duck put on its gear, which was just a little backpack, and set off into the forest. The duck walked for a long time and met many animals along the way. Some were big and some were small, but all were friendly and kind to the little duck. As the sun began to set, the duck realized it was lost. The duck felt scared and alone, but then remembered that it had made so many friends on its journey. So, the duck asked for help from a humble rabbit who showed the duck the way back home. From that day on, the little duck knew that it could always count on its friends to help when it was lost or scared.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Tim. Tim had a crazy toy. The toy was a zigzag. Tim liked to play with the zigzag toy all day. One day, Tim saw that his zigzag toy was in two parts. It was separate. He was sad. He wanted to fix his toy. He asked his mom for help. Tims mom helped him put the zigzag toy back together. Now it was not separate anymore. Tim was happy. He played with his crazy zigzag toy all day again. And they lived happily ever after.Johnny was a very special boy. He had a rare brain. It made him very smart. He could do things that other boys and girls his age couldnt do. One day Johnny was playing with his toys in the garden. He wanted to show his mum how smart he was. He started to do somersaults and jump. He had so much fun! Mum was so proud of him. She said, You have a rare brain, Johnny. You can do so many things! Johnny was very happy. He felt special that he had a rare brain. He kept practicing and having fun. Whenever he had questions, he knew he could always ask mum.Once upon a time, there was a poor little mouse named Timmy. Timmy lived in a small hole in the wall of a big house. Every day, Timmy would go outside to find a snack to eat. One day, while Timmy was looking for a snack, he saw a big piece of cheese on a table. Timmy was so hungry that he couldnt resist the cheese. He climbed up onto the table and started to eat the cheese. Suddenly, the owner of the house came into the room and saw Timmy eating the cheese. The owner picked up a broom and said, You naughty mouse! You shouldnt steal my snack! Timmy was so scared that he bowed his head and ran back to his hole. From that day on, Timmy was too scared to leave his hole and find food. He became weaker and weaker until one day he passed away from hunger. The end.Once there was a small bear. He found a seat at the side of the road. He sat down and looked around. Suddenly he heard someone calling Hello small bear, who are you? He looked up and saw a big bird. The bear was a bit scared but said Im a small bear. The big bird smiled. Im a big bird, he said. I like to repeat the same things again and again. Would you like to join me? The bear thought for a moment and said Yes, Ill join you. The big bird smiled again. Great! he said. Lets start now. Ill say something and you must repeat it. The bear nodded. The big bird said Its fun to say things together! The small bear smiled and repeated Its fun to say things together!Once upon a time, there was a little girl. She was only 3 years old. Every day she spent time with her mommy and daddy, who taught her all sorts of things. They reminded her to always be kind and to always behave. One day she was out playing with her dolls when she saw a mouse. She was so scared! But then she remembered what her mom and dad had taught her about wisdom. She was brave and didnt run away like she wanted to. The mouse started talking to her and said, You are very wise for such a little girl. You must have some magical powers! She was so happy that she had done the right thing. The mouse had an idea. He told her about a place on the other side of the forest. He said that it was full of crazy, wild creatures that were always getting up to all sorts of mischief. He said it would be fun to go and see them! The little girl thought it sounded like a great idea and went off to the other side of the forest with the mouse. When she arrived, she was shocked! The creatures were very crazy! But she remembered to behave and stay calm. All in all, it was a very fun adventure. When she got home, she told her mom and dad all about it. They were so proud that she remembered to behave. They gave her a hug and said that the wisdom she had shown was trulyOnce upon a time, there was a little frog. The frog lived in a big pond with lots of other frogs. One day, the little frog went to the pond to swim and play. But when he got there, he saw a big bird in the sky. The little frog was frightened and didnt know what to do. Suddenly, the bird swooped down and tried to catch the little frog. But the little frog was quick and jumped out of the way. The bird flew away, and the little frog was safe. The little frog was so happy that he wanted to tell all his friends. He decided to print a message on a big leaf and leave it by the pond. The message said, Watch out for the big bird! Stay safe, my friends! All the other frogs saw the message and were grateful to the little frog for warning them. From that day on, they all kept a lookout for the big bird and stayed safe.Once upon a time there was a friendly rabbit called Jane. She was always happy and loved to play outside in her garden. One day Jane was feeling bored so she decided to search for something fun to do. As she looked around she suddenly saw a trumpet under a nearby bush. With a big smile on her face, she picked it up, put it to her mouth and started playing. But then a loud voice interrupted her music. It was her neighbour, Mrs Cat. She shouted at Jane and scowled, Stop that racket! Youll wake up the whole neighbourhood! Jane was a bit scared of Mrs Cat so she quickly put down the trumpet. She tried to explain that she was just looking for something fun to do, but Mrs Cat wouldnt listen. But then a miracle happened! Mrs Cats face softened, and she smiled. Come to my house, she said, Ill teach you how to play the trumpet properly. So Jane followed Mrs Cat back to her house and the two of them had lots of fun. Mrs Cat was very friendly, and before long she taught Jane some simple tunes. From then on the two became very close friends. They played the trumpet together every day and it made Jane the happiest bunny in the world.Once upon a time, there was a player who loved to play outside. The player wanted to run and play even when it rains. He had an idea! His idea was to find something to put over his head to keep him dry. One day, he found a nice healthy umbrella. It kept him dry while he played all afternoon. The player was so thankful! He had so much fun playing in the rain without getting wet. He also loved that he was able to stay healthy and fit while he played. The player had lots of fun with his new umbrella and often used it even when it wasnt raining. It was his best friend. The player was so thankful for his cool healthy umbrella. It made sure he stayed dry and had lots of fun!Once upon a time there was a naughty mouse. He was always looking for trouble. One day, he saw some cheese and decided to take it! He was so excited to take the cheese that he quickly scurried over to it. But then he face a problem how could he eat the cheese? He didnt want to just bite into it it was too hard! Then he had a clever idea. He grabbed a piece of wood and cut the cheese into small, bitesized pieces. It was so easy to eat! The naughty mouse gobbled up all the cheese. He was so happy that he had found a way to get the cheese that he ran off, his belly full and happy.Once upon a time there was an elderly lady. She had soft white hair that was tied up in a bun. She seemed kind and gentle, like a fairy godmother. The elderly lady was wearing a beautiful velvet dress. It was so soft and warm. She seemed even kinder and wiser when she wore it. On a sunny day the elderly lady went for a walk in the park. She walked slowly and smiled at everyone she passed. Suddenly, a little girl appeared in her path. She had big, bright eyes and a mischievous smile. The little girl smiled at the elderly lady, who smiled back and said, âœHello there! What is your name?â The little girl replied, âœMy name is Jane. Whats yours?â The lady laughed and said, âœMy name is Mrs Smith. Its nice to meet you, Jane.â Jane smiled and said, âœHello, Mrs Smith. Your velvet dress is very nice.â Mrs Smith nodded and said, âœThank you! You seem very wise for a young girl.â The elderly lady and the little girl talked for a while. Then, Jane said goodbye and ran off. Mrs Smith stayed in the park until the sun started to set. She seemed to walk a bit lighter on her way back home.Once upon a time, there was a little mouse named Max. Max loved to explore and play. One day, Max found a maze. It was a big maze with lots of twists and turns. Max tried to find his way out, but he kept getting lost. Suddenly, he heard a voice. It was a friendly cat named Cleo. Hello little mouse, are you lost? asked Cleo. Yes, said Max. I cant find my way out of this maze. Dont worry, said Cleo. I know this maze like the back of my paw. Follow me and Ill show you the way out. Max followed Cleo through the maze. Cleos fur was smooth and soft. Max felt safe with her. Finally, they reached the end of the maze. Max was so happy to be out. Thank you, Cleo, said Max. I couldnt have done it without you. Youre welcome, said Cleo. Im glad I could help.Once upon a time, there was a little bird. The bird was very happy and liked to sing all day. One day, the bird saw an arrow on the ground. The bird was curious and went to see the arrow. The arrow was sharp and dangerous. Suddenly, a big cat appeared. The cat wanted to catch the bird. The bird tried to fly away, but the cat was too fast. The bird laid down on the ground, hoping the cat would be gentle. But the cat was not gentle. The cat caught the bird with its sharp claws. The bird could not fly away anymore. The bird was very sad and could not sing anymore. The end.John was crawling under the tall tree, looking for something. He didnt know what he was looking for, but he felt like he was supposed to be there. Suddenly, John heard a rumbling noise coming from deep in the ground. He stopped and looked around, but he couldnt see anyone. He cautiously kept crawling, but the rumbling was getting louder. Then, he found a message on the ground. It was written on a dull piece of paper and it said Stay away! John was scared and he started to crawl away, but he was too late. A big creature came out from the ground and grabbed him with its claws. John screamed. He was so scared, he never made it back home.Nina was very popular at school. All her friends wanted to play with her. One day, she got a new toy car. It was red and shiny, and it had buttons that make funny sounds. Nina was excited to show her friends. She got ready to use the car, but then she noticed the car was empty. She wondered how she could fill the car up. Then she had an idea. She asked her friends to help her. She filled her car with lots of tiny rocks. Her friends all laughed when they saw that the car was too heavy to move. Nina was not giving up. She emptied the car, and then she filled it with tiny pieces of paper. But the car still wouldnt move. Finally, Nina filled the car with feathers and it worked! The car moved around the room very slowly, but it was amazing. NIna shone the light on the car and added some speed. Now the car could go really fast and they played games with it all day. Everybody was happy. Nina was the most popular kid in school!Once upon a time, there was a brave boy called Sam. He wanted to go on an adventure and learn more about volcanoes. He found a big volcano with smoke coming from the top. Sam was amazed! He was very brave and decided to go and explore. When Sam arrived at the top of the volcano, he was shocked by how high and huge it was! He was amazed by the sight and he admired it very much. He took some pictures so he could remember the moment forever. Suddenly, a sound came from inside the volcano. It was a very loud roar! Sam was scared but he was so brave. He looked inside the volcano and saw a small stirring of orange and red lava! He was so excited and he stayed to admire the amazing sight. When Sam started walking back home, he couldnt stop talking about his adventure and the brave things he did. He was so proud of himself and his amazing adventure to the volcano!Lily and Tom were playing hide and seek in their room. Lily was the seeker and Tom was the hider. Lily counted to ten and then looked for Tom. She checked under the bed, behind the curtains, and in the closet. She could not find him. Where are you, Tom? she called out. I give up! Tom did not answer. He was hiding behind a big sheet that was hanging on the wall. He thought he was very clever and wanted to surprise Lily. He waited for her to come closer and then he jumped out from behind the sheet. Boo! he shouted. Lily was very scared. She did not expect Tom to appear from behind the sheet. She screamed and ran away. She tripped over a toy and fell to the floor. She hurt her knee and started to cry. Tom felt bad. He did not mean to scare Lily so much. He ran to her and tried to help her. He said he was sorry and gave her a hug. He offered her his favorite teddy bear to make her feel better. But Lily was very angry. She did not want Toms teddy bear. She did not want his hug. She did not want his sorry. She pushed him away and said he was mean. She said she did not want to play with him anymore. She said he was not her brother. Tom was very sad. He did not understand why Lily was so mad. He thought he was just playing a game. He thought she would laugh and play again. He thought she was generous and kind. He did not know what to do. He went to his bed and covered himself with his sheet. He wished he had never jumped out from behind the sheet. He wished he had never scared Lily. He wished he had never played hide and seek. He wished he had a different sister.Once upon a time, there was a little duck. The duck lived near a stream. Every day, the duck would go for a swim in the stream. One day, the duck saw a fish struggling in the stream. The duck wanted to help the fish, but it was too hard. The duck tried and tried, but couldnt help the fish. As the duck was resting, a nosy rabbit came by. The rabbit saw the duck and asked, Whats wrong? The duck told the rabbit about the fish struggling in the stream. The rabbit said, I can help! The rabbit hopped into the stream and was able to help the fish. The duck and the rabbit became friends and went on many adventures together.One day, a brave little soldier was walking in the forest. Suddenly, a huge wind came and pushed him over. He felt so guilty for letting the wind push him over. He tried to stand up and keep walking. Just then, an old man appeared from behind a tree. He said to the soldier, Why do you feel guilty? We can all be pushed over sometimes it doesnt mean anything. The soldier smiled. He appreciated the old mans advice. He said, Thank you. Im feeling better now. But then another strong wind came and pushed the soldier down again. This time he couldnt get up. All his strenght was gone. The old man looked worried. He said, Little soldier, I think its time for you to go home. The little soldier sadly nodded. He knew his adventure in the forest had come to an end. He slowly turned and walked away. The old man watched as the little soldier walked away. His heart felt heavy and he felt guilty he knew he should have done something more to help. But it was too late. The little soldier was gone forever.Once there was a little girl who was feeling very lonely. No one ever wanted to play with her. One day, the little girl got an idea. She decided to make something pretty so that maybe somebody would want to be her friend. She found some pretty pink paper, a pencil and some glue. Then she started to make a very beautiful card. When she was done she felt very happy. But then something terrible happened. When she was getting ready to give it to someone, she dropped it and it tore into pieces. She felt so sad and was about to cry. Suddenly, her mommy came in. She saw the mess and asked why the paper was on the floor. The little girl told her mommy everything, she was so scared that she would be punished. But her mommy was very kind. She hugged her and said that if she was careful the next time, there would be no need to punish her. And the little girl was very happy.One day, Meg and her mom were walking in the park when they saw a little bird sitting on a bench. Megs mom smiled at Meg and said, Lets be humble and give that little bird a hug. Meg and her mom both stretched out their arms and hugged the bird together. The bird felt safe and warm in their embrace and it stayed still, allowing Meg and her mom to give it big, gentle hugs. When they let go, the bird flew away. Meg and her mom were very happy that they had given the little bird a hug. As they walked away, Meg asked, Mommy, can we hug more animals in the park? Her mom said, Sure. Lets give more hugs. The two of them laughed and went around the park giving hugs to animals like squirrels and ducks. By the end of the day, they were both exhausted, but they were also full of joy.Once upon a time, there was an ancient kitchen. Everything in the kitchen was old and still worked. One day, when the cook was making lunch, he sneezed. His sneeze started a chain reaction. The ancient oven began to shake and something started to move. The cook was very surprised! The cupboard opened up and something hidden for a long time was revealed. It was a treasure chest full of coins! The cook was so happy that he shouted out loud. He was going to be rich! The cook was in such a good mood that he started to dance in the kitchen. He sneezed again and the ancient oven shook even harder. Suddenly, out of nowhere, a genie appeared in the kitchen! He said that the cook was granted three wishes! The cook thought of what he wanted and wished for two more kitchens, one modern and one ancient. He also wished for an endless supply of coins. The genie granted his wish and disappeared in a puff of smoke. The cook was very happy. He looked around and saw a beautiful modern kitchen and an ancient kitchen. He also saw a treasure chest full of coins! He was so thankful for his three wishes!Once upon a time there were two friends, Bob and Will. Bob had a hurt mouth and wanted to gather something to make it feel better. Will remembered he had some yummy sweets in his pocket. He told Bob, I can give you my sweets if you want. Bob was so happy that he jumped up and down and said, Thats great! The friends gathered the sweets and Bob ate one straight away. He said, This sweet tastes so yummy, my mouth isnt hurt anymore. Will was happy that Bob felt better. They hugged each other and went off to play a game. The endOne day, a little boy was playing in his backyard. He noticed something strange in the sky. He grabbed his binoculars to observe. There was a big, orange witch flying on a broomstick! The witch was wearing a bright orange dress and a big, orange hat. Her skin was bright orange and she had an orange nose. The little boy was so excited that he tried to wave at the witch. The witch smiled and waved back. She said Hello, little boy! Would you like to come for a ride with me? The little boy was so excited that he nodded his head. The witch swooped down. She grabbed the little boy in her arm and took him on a magical adventure. They flew past mountains and over rivers. The little boy laughed and laughed with joy. When they had been flying for a while, the witch said they had to go home. She gave the little boy a hug and flew away on her broomstick. He waved to say goodbye and watched her until she disappeared in the sky.Once there was a graceful bird. It was so graceful that it loved to fly around the sky. Every day, it woke up to the warm sun and flew up high. No matter what it did, it felt graceful. One day, the bird was thirsty so it flew to a river. It found a spot and decided to drink from the cool, clear water. As it drank, it felt very refreshed. The brainy bird suddenly thought of a great idea. It could use its grace to help other birds get quench their thirst too! So, the graceful bird taught all the other birds how to drink from the river. Now, all the birds could feel refreshed and quench their thirst. The graceful bird was so proud that it could use its brain to help others.Once upon a time, there was a little bear named Teddy. Teddy was very tired because he had been playing all day long. He wanted to go to sleep, but he couldnt find his favorite page from his bedtime storybook. Teddy searched and searched, but he couldnt find the page he was looking for. Just then, his friend Bunny came along. Bunny saw that Teddy was tired and asked him what was wrong. Teddy explained that he couldnt find his favorite page. Bunny knew just what to do. She hugged Teddy and told him that it was okay if he couldnt find the page. She said that what mattered most was that they were together and that they could make up their own story. Teddy felt much better and hugged Bunny back. They cuddled up together and made up a wonderful story that they both loved. Teddy learned that sometimes its not about finding the perfect page, but about being with the ones you love.Once upon a time, there lived a shy girl. She had big windows in her house and she loved to look out of them. However, one day, a big storm came. The winds were so strong, they almost broke her windows! The girl was scared, so she asked her mum what she could do to prevent the windows from breaking. Her mum said she had to hang thick curtains over the windows. So the girl did. After that, it never rained so hard that the windows could break. The big curtains prevented the windows from the strong winds. The girl was so happy that the curtains had saved her windows. And she was happy she had been smart enough to think about protecting the windows. She thanked her mum for thinking of the curtains. The girl was very proud of herself and she was glad that she had been able to prevent her windows from breaking. From then on, she was no longer shy and she felt proud of her accomplishments.Sara liked to bake with her mom. They made cookies, cakes and pies. Sara learned how to mix, roll and cut the dough. She also learned how to measure, pour and stir the ingredients. She enjoyed smelling the sweet and yummy things in the oven. One day, Sara asked her mom, Mom, why do we bake? Her mom smiled and said, We bake because it is fun, and because it makes us happy. We also bake because it is part of our history. Do you know what history is? Sara shook her head. She did not know what history was. Her mom explained, History is the story of the past. It is what happened before we were born. It is how we learned to do things, and why we do them. Our history is in our family, our culture and our country. Baking is part of our history, because our ancestors baked too. They baked bread, muffins and scones. They baked for their families, their friends and their celebrations. They baked to share, to thank and to love. Sara nodded. She understood a little bit. She said, I like history. I like baking. I like to share, to thank and to love. Her mom hugged her and said, I like history too. I like baking too. I like to share, to thank and to love too. You are my history, and you are my baking. You are my attractive and smart girl. I love you very much. Sara smiled and said, I love you too, mom. Can we bake some more? Her mom laughed and said, Of course we can. Lets bake some more cookies. What shape do you want to make them? Sara thought for a moment. She said, I want to make them heartshaped. Because baking is love, and love is history.One day, Tom was at the park with his Mom. He saw a friendly case on the ground near the swings. He asked Mom if he could have it, so Mom said yes. Tom was so excited to receive the case. He opened it up when he got home. Inside was a small toy car. Tom was so happy to have it. He rolled the car around on the floor. Then he wanted to show his new toy to his friend, Joe. So he and Mom went to Joes house. His friend was so friendly and pleased to see the case. He thanked Tom for the car and they both pushed the car around on the floor for hours. At the end of the day, Joe and Tom both held their toy cars and Mom gave them each a hug. Tom had received something special from the park and shared it with his friend.Once upon a time there was a competitive knob. He was a very busy knob, always signing things. Every day, he signed more and more things. One day, the competitive knob decided to have a competition. He asked all of his friends from around the world to meet in his home. They all agreed and showed up. When they arrived, the competitive knob gave everyone a sign to sign. He explained that whoever could sign the most in one minute, would win the competition. Everyone started signing as quickly as they could. The competitive knob watched with a smile on his face. After one minute, the competitive knob stopped the competition. He looked around the room to see who had signed the most papers. To his surprise, it was a three year old child! Everyone cheered and clapped as the little child proudly walked up to the knob to receive his prize. The knob was very pleased with the childs performance, so he invited the child to be his special guest. From then on, the knob and the child were the best of friends. The child visited the knob every day to sign more and more papers. It was a magical time of friendship and competition!Once upon a time, there was a pillow who was very colorful. She wanted to go for a journey but needed some help. So, she asked around to see who could help and soon found a truck. The truck was very eager to help and said it could load the pillow. So, the pillow started loading herself onto the truck. First, she got onto one side, then the other, until she was all loaded up. The truck and the pillow were ready to go. They drove along the road and had lots of fun. Everywhere they went, the pillow felt special because of her colorful feathers. People were amazed when they saw her. After a while, the truck and pillow arrived at their destination. The pillow thanked the truck for helping her and hopped off. She never forgot the great adventure they had and smiled every time she remembered.Once upon a time, there was a big elephant named Ellie. Ellie had a wife named Ella who was very large too. One day, Ellie went to the store to buy some bananas for Ella. But when he got home, he saw that Ella was very angry. What happened? asked Ellie. You spoil me too much! said Ella. I dont want bananas anymore. I want something else. Ellie didnt know what to do. He loved Ella so much and didnt want her to be upset. So, he went back to the store and bought some flowers for her. When he gave them to her, Ellas face lit up with a big smile. She hugged Ellie and said, Thank you, my dear husband. You always know how to make me happy. From that day on, Ellie learned that spoiling his wife didnt always mean buying her things, but sometimes just showing her love and affection.Once upon a time, there was a gifted dog named Spot. Spot was very good at finding things. One day, he found a red wagon in his yard. Spot was very happy with his new wagon. Spot wanted to show his friends his new wagon. So, he put a rope on the wagon and lead it to the park. At the park, he saw his friends, a cat and a bird. They were very happy to see Spot and his wagon. Spots friends took turns riding in the wagon. The cat sat in the wagon first, and Spot lead the wagon around the park. Then, it was the birds turn. Spot lead the wagon again, and they all had so much fun. They played with the wagon all day, and Spot was very proud of his gifted wagon.One day, a little girl named Lucy went to the park. She saw a big circle on the ground. It was not a normal circle. It was a magic circle. Lucy was very happy. Lucy asked a boy named Tom, Do you want to play with me? Tom nodded and said, Yes, I want to play with you and the magic circle. They both stood in the circle and started to spin around. As they spun, the magic circle made them feel very light. They laughed and played together. After a while, they stopped spinning and the magic circle disappeared. Lucy and Tom smiled at each other, happy to have shared a fun day at the park.Once upon a time, there was a big lion. He lived in a jungle with his friends. One day, he went to the circus with his friends. He gave his ticket to the lady and went inside the tent. The lion saw a man with a big hat and a whip. He was making the animals do tricks. The lion felt frightened. He wanted to go home. His friend asked him what was wrong. The lion said, I dont like the man with the whip. He makes me roar. His friend said, Dont worry, we can leave now. The lion was happy to leave the circus. He gave his ticket to the lady and went back to the jungle. From that day on, the lion never went to the circus again.Lily was eager to wear her new dress. It was pink and had flowers on it. She wanted to show it to her friends at school. She put it on and looked at herself in the mirror. She felt happy and pretty. She ran downstairs to eat her breakfast. Mommy gave her a bowl of cereal and a glass of milk. Lily ate quickly and drank her milk. She was ready to go to school. She grabbed her backpack and ran to the door. But Mommy stopped her. Lily, wait a minute. You cant wear your new dress today. Its too cold outside. You need to wear your coat and your hat and your gloves. And you need to bring your board. You can slide on the snow with it. Lily felt sad and angry. She didnt want to wear her coat and her hat and her gloves. She wanted to wear her new dress. She didnt want to bring her board. She wanted to play with her friends. She said, No, Mommy, no. I want to wear my dress. I dont want to slide on the snow. I want to go to school. Mommy was firm. Lily, you have to listen to me. Its very cold outside. You can get sick if you dont wear warm clothes. And you can have fun with your board. You can slide on the snow with your friends. You can wear your dress another day. Now, please, put on your coat and your hat and your gloves. And take your board. We have to go. Lily didnt want to argue with Mommy. She knew Mommy loved her and wanted her to be safe and happy. But she still felt sad and angry. She put on her coat and her hat and her gloves. She took her board. She followed Mommy to the car. She hoped that maybe, just maybe, she could wear her new dress tomorrow.Once upon a time, there was a big and fat fish named Fin. Fin lived in a big and beautiful reef with his friends. One day, Fin saw a delicious cake being baked by a kind lady. Fin wanted to eat the cake, but he knew he shouldnt leave the reef. But Fin couldnt resist the temptation, so he left the reef and swam to the ladys house. As he was eating the cake, he got caught in a net. The lady took him to the market and sold him to a restaurant. Fin realized his mistake and wished he had never left the reef. The moral of the story is that we should always listen to our parents and not give in to temptation.Sara and Ben are friends. They like to play in the park. One day, they see a big dog. The dog is brown and has a long tail. The dog barks at them. Sara and Ben are scared. Go away, dog! Ben says. He throws a stick at the dog. The dog runs after the stick. Ben and Sara run away too. They hide behind a tree. Are you okay, Sara? Ben asks. He sees that Sara is crying. Her knee is red and has a small cut. She fell when she ran from the dog. Im okay, Ben. But my knee hurts. And the dog was scary. Sara says. She wipes her tears with her hand. I have an idea, Sara. Lets go to my house. My mom can help your knee. And she can give us cookies and milk. And we can play with my toys. Do you want to come? Ben says. He smiles at Sara. Yes, Ben. I want to come. Thank you for being my friend. Sara says. She smiles back at Ben. She stands up and holds his hand. They walk to his house. Before they leave the park, they see the dog again. The dog is not barking now. He is lying on the grass. He looks weak and sad. He has no stick and no friends. Maybe the dog is not bad, Ben. Maybe he is lonely and wants to play. Sara says. She feels sorry for the dog. Maybe you are right, Sara. Maybe we can be his friends too. Ben says. He feels brave and kind. They go to the dog. They talk to him in a soft voice. They pet his fur. They give him some of their cookies. The dog wags his tail. He licks their faces. He is happy. Sara and Ben hug the dog. They hug each other. They are happy too. They have a new friend.One day, Susy went to a park to search for something fun to do. She walked around until she found a big bush. She was excited and started to look around it. Susy pulled out some leaves and noticed that the bush was very wet. She wondered what she could find and started to search around it. She moved some branches and saw a strange bug underneath them. Susy was very excited and touched the bug. It wiggled and flew away fast. She laughed and kept searching the bush. After a few minutes, she found a bright red flower! She pulled it out from the bush and it was very wet. Susy smiled, happy that she had something to bring home. She grabbed the flower and ran back home.Sam and Mia were playing with their toys in the living room. Sam had a lot of cars and trucks, and Mia had a lot of dolls and animals. They liked to make noises and stories with their toys, but they did not like to share them. Give me that car! Sam said, grabbing a red car from Mias hand. No, its mine! Mia said, pulling it back. You have so many cars already! I want this one! Sam said, trying to take it again. They started to fight over the car, and Mia scratched Sams arm with her nails. Sam cried out and let go of the car. He looked at his arm and saw a red mark. Ow, ow, ow! Sam said, rubbing his arm. You hurt me! Sorry, sorry, sorry! Mia said, feeling bad. I didnt mean to hurt you! She gave him the car and hugged him. Sam hugged her back and stopped crying. Are you okay? Mia asked. Im okay, Sam said. But you have to be more careful with your nails. I know, I know, Mia said. Im sorry. They looked at their toys and saw that they were all over the floor. They had made a big mess. Mom will be mad if she sees this, Sam said. Lets clean up, Mia said. We have to be organized. They started to put their toys back in their boxes and baskets. They remembered where each toy belonged and sorted them by color and type. Look, we did it! Sam said, when they finished. We are so organized! Good job! Mia said, giving him a high five. We are a good team! They smiled and hugged each other. They were happy and proud of themselves. They had learned to share and to be organized. They had also remembered to say sorry and to forgive. They were good friends.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to eat her breakfast on a big plate with colorful flowers on it. One morning, she peeked out the window and saw a little bird flying around. She wanted to share her mild cereal with the bird, so she went outside with her plate. The bird chirped happily and ate some of the cereal. Lily was so happy to share her breakfast with her new bird friend.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. Lily loved to play outside in the sun with her friends. One day, Lily and her friends saw a butterfly flying by. They decided to follow it and see where it went. As they were following the butterfly, Lilys friend Tommy said, Im tired, can we stop and rest? Lily replied, Sure, lets sit on the side of the road and rest for a bit. As they were resting, Lilys mom walked by and saw them. She said, Lily, Im so proud of you for being a good friend and taking care of your friends. Lily smiled and said, Thanks, Mom! After resting, they continued to follow the butterfly until it flew away. Even though they didnt catch the butterfly, Lily was still proud of herself for having fun with her friends and being a good friend to Tommy.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy was very excited because he was going to play hide and seek with his friends. They all gathered in the park and started to play. Timmy found a great hiding spot behind a big tree. He felt very sneaky and happy. Suddenly, they heard a loud noise. It was the sound of a war game happening nearby. Timmy and his friends got scared and decided to stop playing and go home. Timmy felt sad that they had to stop playing, but he knew it was for the best. When Timmy got home, he told his mom all about his fun day playing hide and seek with his friends. He also told her about the scary war game they heard in the park. His mom hugged him and told him that he was safe at home with her. Timmy felt much better and went to bed with a smile on his face.Once upon a time, there was a busy bee called Bizzy. She loved to play with her yarn and make colorful things. One day, Bizzy was so busy that she forgot to take a break. She worked and worked until she finally quit playing with the yarn. The next day, Bizzy decided to take a break and play with her yarn again. She had so much fun making things with it and came up with some very cool shapes and creatures. Bizzy and the yarn became the best of friends. She went to it every day and made something new and special. The moral of the story is to never quit something if you enjoy it and always take a break when you are feeling busy.Once upon a time, there was a little baby named Timmy. Timmy was very naughty and he loved to jump on his crib. His mommy always told him to stop, but he never listened. One day, Timmys mommy went to the store and left him with his big sister, Lily. Lily told Timmy to stop jumping on his crib, but he didnt listen. Suddenly, Timmy fell off his crib and started crying. Lily helped him up and asked him if he learned his lesson. Timmy nodded his head. When their mommy came back from the store, Lily told her what happened. Their mommy was happy that Timmy learned his lesson. She hugged him and they all laughed together. The moral of the story is to always listen to your family when they tell you to stop doing something naughty.Once upon a time there was a powerful boat. In the boat was a brave captain and his two best friends. The captain wanted to explore far away lands and find treasures, but his two friends were a bit scared. The captain said Lets imagine flying over the blue sea, beyond the shore and discovering brand new lands filled with hidden treasures. His two friends got excited and imagined the powerful boat soaring over the sea. Suddenly, the captain said Look! A shore! Everyone on the boat was amazed. The captain steered the boat towards land and the three friends jumped off. When they reached the shore there was a big red box waiting for them. Inside was a real treasure! The three friends hugged and gave high fives. They had found a secret treasure! They all hopped back in the powerful boat and sailed back home. It was a happy ending for all.Once upon a time, there was a cute bunny named Benny. Benny lived in a big forest with his friends. One day, Benny promised his friends that he would bring them some yummy carrots. Benny hopped around the forest looking for carrots. He searched high and low, but he couldnt find any. Suddenly, he saw a big carrot patch. Benny was so happy and started to nibble on the carrots. Suddenly, he heard a voice saying, Hey, those are my carrots! Benny turned around and saw a big, grumpy farmer frowning at him. Benny got scared and ran away. When Benny got back to his friends, they asked him where the carrots were. Benny felt sad and told them what had happened. His friends told him that it was okay and that they still loved him. They thought Benny was charming even without the carrots.Once upon a time, there was a tree in a park. The tree was big and strong, but it was not very pretty. Its leaves were brown and falling off. One day, a little girl came to the park with her family. She saw the tree and said, Mommy, that tree is not very pretty. Can we make it better? The little girls mommy said, Yes, we can improve the tree. Lets give it some water and some new soil so it can grow big and strong again. The little girl was happy to help the tree. She and her family gave the tree water and new soil every day. After a few weeks, the little girl and her family came back to the park. They saw the tree had grown new leaves and they were green and fit. The little girl was so happy to see the tree looking so pretty. She said, Mommy, look how pretty the tree is now. We helped it improve!Once upon a time there was a brave, independent rabbit. Every day he would head out on a grand adventure, searching for the perfect spot. One day, while on his journey he stopped to dream. He imagined a wonderful spot, with plenty of food, space and new friends. Suddenly, a voice interrupted his dream. It was a wise old fox asking the rabbit What are you dreaming of? Im dreaming of the perfect spot, replied the brave rabbit. Well then, said the fox, follow me and Ill take you to the spot of your dreams! The rabbit smiled, delighted. He thanked the fox, and off they went. After a long journey, they finally reached the perfect spot. The brave, independent rabbit was overjoyed. He was so happy that he could finally call it his home.Once upon a time, a little girl named Lily went to the park with her mom. They had a picnic and played on the swings. Suddenly, a boy came up to them and demanded that they give him their snacks. Lilys mom said no and the boy ran away. Later that day, Lily and her mom went to the library. Lily saw a book with a boring cover, but her mom said they should still check it out. When they got home, Lilys mom started to read the book to her. Lily thought it was going to be a boring story, but she was wrong! It was about a princess who went on an adventure and saved her kingdom. Lily was so happy that they picked that book to print out from the library. She asked her mom to read it again and again. From that day on, Lily learned that sometimes things that seem boring can turn out to be really exciting.John was walking in a forest. He saw something under a tree. What is that? he thought. He wondered what it could be. He came closer and he saw that it was a skull. John was very busy, so he decided to leave the skull and go back later. The next day, John came back with his family. He wanted to explore more. He came to the place where he had discovered the skull. He said to his mom, Look! I found this yesterday! His mom looked at him and said, Be careful! There might be something dangerous in the forest! John continued to explore the forest with his family. Suddenly, they heard loud noises coming from the direction of the skull. They went to look and saw something amazing. The skull had moved and revealed a huge cave! John and his family had discovered something incredible!Tom is a fat cat who likes to sleep on the sofa. He does not like to play with toys or run in the garden. He only likes to eat and sleep. One day, Tom sees a bottle on the table. It is shiny and red and has a lid. Tom is curious. He jumps on the table and pokes the bottle with his paw. The bottle makes a funny noise. Tom pokes it again. The bottle rolls off the table and falls on the floor. Tom is scared. He runs away and hides under the sofa. He thinks the bottle is angry and wants to hurt him. He does not want to poke the bottle anymore. Sara is a little girl who lives in the house. She likes to play with toys and run in the garden. She also likes to feed Tom and pet him. She comes home from school and sees the bottle on the floor. It is her bottle of juice. She picks it up and sees that it is empty. She is sad. She wonders who drank her juice. She looks for Tom and finds him under the sofa. She sees that he is fat and has a wet mouth. She knows that he poked the bottle and drank her juice. She is angry. She scolds Tom and tells him to share and be nice. Tom feels sorry. He comes out from under the sofa and rubs his head against Saras leg. He purrs and tries to be cute. He hopes that Sara will forgive him and give him some more food. He still likes to eat and sleep.One day, Timmy was playing basketball all alone. He felt lonely and sad because nobody wanted to play with him. Suddenly, his friend Billy came over and asked, Whats wrong, Timmy? Im sad because Im playing basketball all by myself, Timmy replied. Billy said, I have an idea! Lets plan a basketball game with all of our friends. We can invite everyone to come play with us. Timmys face lit up with excitement. Thats a great idea, Billy! I cant wait to play with all of our friends. They quickly made a plan and invited all of their friends to come play basketball. Everyone had a great time and Timmy was no longer lonely. He was happy to have so many friends to play with.Once upon a time there was a lion. He was big and strong with a loud voice and bright yellow fur. Every day he would wake up early and roar up to the sky with all of his might, which everyone could hear. Some of the animals living in the nearby forest were scared of the roaring, but one brave little songbird enjoyed it. She found the lions roar lively and full of energy and eventually she started singing her own song in response. The lion was happy to hear the little bird. He would roar and the bird would sing. And soon all of the other animals, from elephants to monkeys and even more songbirds, started joining in. The noise was happy and loud with everyone singing and roaring and playing together. The lion and his animal friends had lots of fun making music together. Their song would go on until the sun went down and a peaceful nighttime win over the forest.Sam liked to ride his bike. He rode it every day in the park with his mom and dad. He liked to go fast and feel the wind on his face. He also liked to ring his bell and say hello to the other kids and dogs. One day, Sam saw a big pile of laundry on the grass. It was colorful and soft. He wondered what it was doing there. He asked his mom, Mom, what is that? Mom looked at the laundry and smiled. She said, That is Mrs. Lees laundry. She lives in the building next to the park. She likes to dry her clothes in the sun. It is normal for her. Sam was curious. He wanted to touch the laundry. He said, Can I ride my bike to the laundry? Mom said, No, Sam. That is not polite. The laundry is not ours. It belongs to Mrs. Lee. She might not like it if you ride your bike to the laundry. You might make it dirty or wrinkled. How would you feel if someone did that to your clothes? Sam thought about it. He did not want someone to ride their bike to his clothes. He liked his clothes clean and neat. He said, I would feel sad and mad. I do not want to make Mrs. Lee sad and mad. I will not ride my bike to the laundry. I will ride it around the park. Mom said, That is a good choice, Sam. I am proud of you. You are a kind and respectful boy. Come on, lets go and have some fun. She gave him a hug and a kiss. They rode their bikes together and enjoyed the sunny day.Once upon a time, there was a big train. It had a strong engine that helped it go fast. One day, the train stopped at a station. A man came to the train and said, I need to weigh this train to see how heavy it is. The train was calm and didnt move while the man weighed it. After the man finished weighing the train, the train started to move again. It chugged along the tracks, passing trees and fields. The train was happy to be moving again, and the passengers inside were happy too. They looked out the windows and saw the beautiful scenery. Finally, the train arrived at its destination. It was a big city with lots of tall buildings. The train slowed down and came to a stop. The passengers got off and thanked the train for a fun ride. The train was happy to have helped them get to their destination safely.Once upon a time, in a small town, there was a famous cat named Tom. Tom loved to sleep all day long. He would sleep on the soft grass, under the warm sun. One day, Tom woke up and found a map on the ground. The map showed a big park with a lot of trees. Tom thought, I want to go to this park and sleep under a tree. So, Tom took the map and started walking. On his way, Tom met a little dog named Max. Max asked, Where are you going, Tom? Tom showed Max the map and said, I am going to the big park to sleep under a tree. Max liked the idea and went with Tom. They walked together, following the map, until they reached the big park. There, they found a big tree and slept under it, happy and safe.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Lily. She loved wintertime because she got to wear her warm jacket. One day, Lily decided to go out in the snow with her friends. There was a large icy hill and everyone was so excited to go sledding. Lily was brave and she went down the hill first. Suddenly, while she was at the bottom of the hill, Lily heard a loud crack sound. Lilys jacket had broken! Tears filled her eyes. Lilys friends told her, Dont worry, Lily. You should have listened to your mom and not gone sledding with us. Now, youll have to go back home and tell your mom. The moral of the story is that sometimes its best to listen to grownups. They give good advice and it is important to follow it.Once upon a time, there was a very expensive cactus. Every day the cactus needed water, or it would turn dry. One day, the cactus forgot to get watered. It started to get really dry, but it was too expensive to buy a new one. The cactus was very sad. Suddenly, it heard a voice. It was a fairy! She said she could help the cactus. The fairy sprinkled a magic spell on the cactus, and it started to fill with water. Soon the cactus was happy and juicy again! The fairy winked and waved goodbye. ever since, the cactus remembered to get watered every day. It was happy and juicy and not too dry.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. Jack loved to play games with his friends at the park. They would run around and try to score points by throwing a ball into a basket. Jack was very good at this game and he always won. One day, Jack and his friends found an ancient box buried in the ground. They wondered what was inside. Jack opened the box and found a mysterious object. He didnt know what it was, but he thought it was very cool. Later that day, Jack started to feel sick. He didnt know why, but he felt very tired and weak. His mom took him to the hospital, but it was too late. Jack had touched a dangerous object and it had made him very sick. He couldnt play with his friends anymore and he was very sad. His friends wondered what had happened to him and they missed him very much.Once upon a time there was a lazy fox. He was always so lazy that he would never try to do anything. One day, he decided to move to the left side of the woods to find something to eat. As he was walking along he spotted a nut. The nut was so big and tasty, it made his mouth water. The lazy fox tried to open the nut, but it wouldnt budge. He tried and tried but he was too lazy to put any effort in. He decided to give up and said, Oh well, I guess I cant have this nut. Just then, a wise old owl flew overhead. He noticed the poor fox and said, I can help you open that nut if you try one more time. The fox looked up at the owl but shook his head and replied, No thank you, Im much too lazy to try again. The owl stared down at the fox sadly and said, Then I guess you will never get to have the nut. The fox sadly watched as the owl flew away and he never had the nut. The End.Once upon a time, there was a little girl. She had an amazing idea about how she could have some fun. She wanted to repeat things over and over again. The little girl clapped her hands and then jumped up and down. She repeated this several times and it made her laugh. She decided to try something else, so she put on a funny hat and danced around the room. She repeated this over and over again too. It was always so much fun! Later, she thought of another amazing idea. She grabbed some toys and put them in a circle. She repeated this over and over again and eventually, the toys made a big circle around the room. She thought it was great and couldnt wait to show it to her friends. The little girl kept repeating ideas. Each one was even more amazing than the last. And soon, she was having so much fun that her mom and dad had to join in the fun too!Lily and Ben were playing in the garden. They saw a big cloud in the sky. It was white and fluffy. Look, a cloud! Lily said. It looks like a bunny. No, it looks like a car, Ben said. Lets mix it and make something else. They both blew hard at the cloud. They tried to mix it with their breath. The cloud moved and changed shape. Wow, now it looks like a cake! Lily said. Im hungry. Can we eat it? Ben laughed. No, silly. We cant eat a cloud. Its just water and air. But we can pretend. They ran inside and got some plates and spoons. They came back to the garden and sat under the cloud. They pretended to scoop some cloud and put it on their plates. They pretended to eat it and make yummy noises. Mmm, this cloud is delicious! Lily said. It tastes like strawberries. Mmm, mine too! Ben said. It tastes like chocolate. They ate and ate until they were full. They smiled and hugged each other. They had fun mixing and eating the cloud.Anna was very happy. She was going to visit her grandma for the first time. She packed her favorite toy, a pink bunny, and her pajamas in a small bag. She hugged her mom and dad and got in the car with them. They drove for a long time, until they saw a big house with a green garden. Anna saw her grandma waiting for them at the door. She smiled and waved. Anna ran out of the car and hugged her grandma. Welcome, welcome, my dear Anna! her grandma said. Im so glad youre here. Come, let me show you your bedroom. She took Anna by the hand and led her inside the house. They went up the stairs and entered a cozy room with a big window. There was a bed with a blue quilt, a dresser with some books and toys, and a painting of a flower on the wall. This is your bedroom, Anna. You can sleep here and play here. Do you like it? her grandma asked. Anna looked around and nodded. She thought the room was impressive. It was so pretty and comfortable. She put her bag on the bed and took out her pink bunny. Thank you, grandma. I love it. And I love you, she said. I love you too, Anna. Youre such a sweet girl. Now, why dont we go downstairs and have some cookies and milk? I baked them just for you, her grandma said. Anna smiled and followed her grandma. She was very happy. She was going to have a wonderful time with her grandma.Once upon a time there were two friends. They were Jack and Jill. Jack liked to play games. But Jill liked to jump and run. One day, Jack wanted to play a game. He held up a switch and asked Jill to play. Jill looked at the switch and said no. She refused to play with the switch. Jack got mad and started to yell. He said it was a brilliant game. But Jill still said no. She wouldnt even look at the switch. Jack was very sad. He couldnt understand why Jill didnt want to play with him. Then he smiled and said she could just jump and run. And Jill smiled too. She was happy to play with Jack. They had lots of fun.Once there was a clever needle. She had an important job to do. Each day, she had to match up the clothes in her owners drawer. It was a big job, and sometimes she had trouble getting it all done. One day, the needle felt like she was missing something. She thought for a long time about what it could be. Finally, she figured it out. It was a companion. She needed a friend to help her with all her matching. So the needle decided to look for somebody who was as clever as her. The needle went outside, hopped in the grass and looked for the perfect match. She found a little caterpillar who seemed to be very smart. The needle said, Will you be my friend? I need your help to match all the clothes in my owners drawer. The caterpillar said, Yes! I would love to help you. From that day forward, the needle and caterpillar were the best of friends. They worked together each day, matching all the clothes and having lots of fun. They were really quite clever and proved that with the right friend, anything is possible.Lila and Tom are friends. They like to play in the park. They see a big loop on the grass. It is shiny and red. Lets spin in the loop! Lila says. It looks fun! OK! Tom says. You go first! Lila runs to the loop. She puts her feet inside and holds the sides. She pushes with her legs and spins around. She feels happy and dizzy. She laughs. Wow, you are fast! Tom says. Can I try? Yes, of course! Lila says. She stops spinning and gets out of the loop. She gives it to Tom. Tom gets in the loop. He spins too. He spins faster and faster. He feels the wind on his face. He smiles. This is awesome! Tom says. Thank you for sharing! Youre welcome! Lila says. You are a friendly friend! They spin in the loop together. They have a lot of fun. They are happy.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy who loved lollipops. One day, he went to the candy store to buy a lollipop. He picked a red lollipop and started to lick it. Suddenly, a clever fox appeared and snatched the lollipop from Timmys hand. Hey, give me back my lollipop! Timmy cried. The fox laughed and said, No way! This lollipop is mine now. Timmy was sad and didnt know what to do. But then, he had an idea. He ran to the nearby park and climbed up a tree. The fox tried to catch him, but Timmy was too clever. He waited until the fox was distracted and then he escaped with his lollipop. From that day on, Timmy learned to always be careful and clever so that he could keep his lollipops safe.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to go camping with her family. They had a big tent that they would sleep in. One day, Lily noticed that the wind was getting stronger and the rain was falling harder. The weather was becoming harsh. Lilys dad said, The wind and rain will increase, so we need to make sure our tent is secure. They added more pegs to the tent and tightened the ropes. Lily helped her mom put blankets on the ground to make it cozy inside the tent. That night, the wind and rain increased even more, but Lily and her family were safe and dry inside their tent. Lily felt proud that she helped make their tent strong. She fell asleep listening to the sound of the rain tapping on the tent.Once upon a time, there were two friends named Tina and Jamie. They were so excited when they heard that they were going on a trip together! On the day of their trip, Tina and Jamie arrived at the airport with their luggage. It was a mild day, and the sun was shining brightly. The airline staff welcomed them warmly and introduced them to the plane. Tina and Jamie had a wonderful time flying in the big plane. When they arrived at their destination, the airline staff gave them a friendly tour of the new place. They showed them plenty of sights and sounds to enjoy. As they explored, Tina and Jamie shared stories from home. They talked about their families, hobbies, and school. It was fun getting to know each other even more. In the end, Tina and Jamie had a wonderful trip filled with laughter, new experiences, and lots of good memories.Once upon a time, there was a pig who was feeling very uncomfortable. He had gone walking in the forest, but he was feeling worried and lonely. Suddenly, he heard a voice call out through the trees Welcome! The pig looked up to see a very friendly little girl standing in the sunshine. She smiled at him and said, Hi there pig! Im Emma. Whats your name? The pig was so happy to have a friend that he quickly said hello. Emma taught him all sorts of fun games, like how to jump and how to hide. They laughed and they hopped and they twirled around the trees. The pig was so happy to have a friend, but all too soon, it was time for Emma to go home. She called out, Goodbye pig, Ill welcome you back soon! The pig smiled and waved, and they were both happy to be friends!Once upon a time, there was a little mouse named Timmy. Timmy loved to eat cheese, but he was afraid to go into the kitchen. One day, Timmys friend Sammy the squirrel came to visit. Sammy asked, Why are you scared to go into the kitchen? Timmy replied, I am scared of the oven. Its too hot and delicate for me. Sammy said, Dont be afraid, I dare you to come with me and we can get some cheese together. Timmy was scared, but he didnt want to look like a scaredycat in front of his friend. So, he followed Sammy into the kitchen. They found a big piece of cheese on the counter, but it was too high for them to reach. Timmy said, I wish we could get that cheese. Sammy replied, Dont worry, I have an idea. Sammy climbed up the oven and jumped onto the counter. He grabbed the cheese and threw it down to Timmy. Timmy was so happy and thanked Sammy for being so brave. From that day on, Timmy was no longer scared of the kitchen and he and Sammy had many more adventures together.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the big green yard. One day, she found a bush with pretty flowers. She thought it was so nice, she wanted to own it. Lily asked her mom if she could have the bush, but her mom said no. The next day, Lily went back to the bush and sang a loud song to it. She hoped the bush would like her and she could own it. As she was singing, a butterfly flew out of the bush and landed on her nose. Lily giggled and thought it was the best thing ever. She realized she didnt need to own the bush to enjoy it. She could just visit it and sing to it whenever she wanted. And that made her very happy. The end.Once upon a time, there was a man who worked in a big building. He had a lot of people who helped him do his work, and they were called his staff. The man liked to have modern things in his office, like a computer and a fancy chair. One day, the man made a mistake and he felt very sad. He wished he hadnt done what he did, and that made him regret it. His staff tried to help him feel better, but he still felt bad. The man realized that having modern things in his office didnt make him happy. He decided to spend more time with his family and friends instead. He apologized to his staff and they all became friends. From then on, the man was much happier and didnt regret his decision.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim had a big toy car that he loved to play with. One day, Tims toy car got stuck in a tight spot between two rocks. Tim tried to get it out, but it was really stuck. Tims friend, Sam, came over to help. They tried to turn the car this way and that way, but it was still stuck. Tim was sad and didnt know what to do. Sam had an idea and went to get his dad. Sams dad came and saw the toy car. He remembered that he had a special tool that could help. He went to his toolbox and found it. Then, he used the tool to turn the car just right, and it came out of the tight spot. Tim was so happy that his toy car was free. He thanked Sam and his dad for helping him. They all played together with the car, and Tim didnt suffer from a stuck car ever again.Once upon a time, there was a big dog named Max. Max was very stubborn. He loved to play in the yard all day long. One day, his mom asked him to bring his ball back inside the house. Max did not want to bring the ball inside. He wanted to keep playing in the yard. But his mom told him that it was going to rain soon. Max did not listen to his mom. He wanted to play more. Then, the rain came. Max was still in the yard with his ball. The rain was very heavy. Max got all wet and his ball got lost in the water. Max was sad because he did not listen to his mom. If he had brought the ball inside, he could have played with it even when it was raining.One day, a little girl named Mia went to the park with her mom. Mia wore her favorite jacket. It was red and very different from her other clothes. Mia loved her jacket very much. In the park, she saw a boy named Tom. Tom was playing with a ball. Hi, Tom! I like your ball, said Mia. Can I play with you? Sure, Mia! said Tom. Lets play catch! Mia and Tom played catch with the ball. They laughed and had lots of fun. Mia took off her jacket because she was hot from playing. She put it on the bench. Suddenly, a little dog came to the park. The dog saw Mias jacket and thought it was a toy. The dog took the jacket and ran away. Mia and Tom saw the dog and ran after it. They clapped their hands to make the dog stop. The dog stopped and dropped the jacket. Mia was happy to get her jacket back. She thanked Tom and the dog. From that day, Mia, Tom, and the little dog became best friends. They played together in the park every day.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved playing with her mommys makeup. One day, Lilys mommy said, Lily, can you hold this soft brush for me? Lily held the brush carefully and watched as her mommy put on her makeup. Mommy, can I have some makeup too? Lily asked. Her mommy smiled and said, Sure, Ill put some soft lipstick on you. Lily felt happy and proud as she showed off her pretty pink lips to her daddy. From that day on, Lily loved holding the soft makeup brushes for her mommy and even got to wear a little bit of makeup herself. She felt like a grownup and loved spending time with her mommy.Once there was a man who was a fisherman. He loved going out on his boat every day to fish for his dinner. One day he went out on a very rough sea. He felt the boat bouncing up and down and the wind was making a lot of noise. But he knew what to do. He put his bait in the water and waited. After a while, he felt a tug on his line. He pulled it in and found a big fish! He was so excited because he knew he would have a delicious dinner tonight. He put his bait back in the water and waited again. Suddenly there was another tug on the line and he pulled in an even bigger fish. He knew that his family would be very happy for such a great catch. With a big smile on his face, the fisherman went back to shore. He felt very proud that he had known what to do even on the rough sea.Once upon a time there were two friends Gabby and Sam. Gabby was an orange cat and Sam was a brown dog. They loved each other very much and always wanted to do everything together. One day they wanted to go to the park to play, but when they arrived they realised that it was raining. They had to think of a plan, but they couldnt decide what to do. Gabby said Lets play inside. Sam said I dont like it inside. Gabby said Lets invite other friends over. Sam said I dont have any friends yet. Gabby said Lets discuss it!. Sam thought about it and said No, its too disgusting. Gabby started getting angry and said Just tell me what you want to do already!. Sam said Lets just go outside and play in the rain. Gabby was surprised, but then realised that it would be fun. They both ran outside and had a great time playing in the rain. Even though they couldnt make up their minds right away, they were still able to make the right choice in the end.Once upon a time, there was a nice and kind woman. Every day, she went to the park with her crayons. She would draw pictures, and show them to the people. But one day, she started to suffer. She felt sad and lonely, and no matter how hard she tried, all her pictures were grey. Then one day, something magical happened. An angel came down from the sky, carrying a box filled with new, colorful crayons. The woman was so happy to see them, she hugged the box and laughed. The angel told her, These crayons are much kinder than the ones you had. When you use them, happiness and love will come out of each and every one of your drawings. So from that day forward, the woman used her new crayons to draw beautiful, colorful pictures that made everyone happy. She felt no more suffering, and was always kind to her crayons.Once upon a time there was a kind man who liked coal. He filled his house with it, so he had lots of coal for all his needs. One day, a naughty man came to the kind mans house and he tried to steal the coal. He reached up and grabbed a big pile, but he couldnt take it away! The kind man saw the naughty man and shouted, What are you doing? Thats my coal! The naughty man ran away and the man was very upset. The kind man decided to get help. He called the police and they caught the naughty man. The police took the naughty man away and gave the kind man his coal back. The kind man was very happy to get his coal back. He felt peaceful and safe again. From that day on, he kept his coal safe so that nobody could ever steal it.Sara and Tom are friends. They like to play outside. They have a big yard with many trees and flowers. They think their yard is the best landscape in the world. One day, Sara and Tom find a new toy in the yard. It is a red car with four wheels and a horn. They are very happy. They want to play with the car. Can I drive the car first? Sara asks. No, I want to drive the car first, Tom says. They start to argue. They both want to own the car. They do not want to share. They do not see the big dog that is coming. The dog is hungry. He sees the car. He thinks it is a bone. He runs to the car. He bites the car. He breaks the car. Sara and Tom stop arguing. They see the dog. They see the car. They are very sad. They cry. The dog runs away. He does not like the car. He thinks it is a bad bone. Sara and Tom hug each other. They are sorry. They say they are sorry. They do not care about the car anymore. They care about their friendship. They look at their yard. They think it is still the best landscape in the world. They smile. They play. They are happy.Jojo wanted to watch TV. He was very excited. Mommy said he had to eat his dinner first. Jojo wanted to try something new. He tasted the food and it was yummy! After dinner, it was time to watch TV. He sat on the cozy couch and happily watched. Jojo really liked TV because it was so interesting and fun. When Jojo grew up, he became very successful. He remembered the happy times of watching TV as a little boy and smiled. He was so glad that he had tasted new things and enjoyed them.Lily was a young girl who liked to play with her dolls. She had many dolls, but her favorite was Anna. Anna had long hair, a pink dress and shiny shoes. Lily liked to brush Annas hair and make her talk. One day, Lily saw that Anna was not as tall as before. She put Anna next to her other dolls and saw that Anna was an inch shorter. Lily was sad and confused. She asked her mom, Mom, why is Anna smaller? Her mom smiled and said, Lily, Anna is not smaller. You are bigger. You have gained an inch since your last birthday. That means you are growing up, my dear. Lily was surprised and happy. She said, I am growing up? Like you, mom? Her mom nodded and said, Yes, like me. But you are still my young and sweet girl. And Anna is still your best friend. She loves you no matter how tall you are. Lily hugged her mom and Anna. She said, I love you too, mom. And I love Anna. She is my best friend forever.Once upon a time, there was a big, strong man who loved to help people. He had big muscles that he used to lift heavy things and carry them around. He was very kind and always wore a beautiful smile on his face. One day, a little girl got lost in the forest. She was very scared and didnt know what to do. Suddenly, the big, strong man appeared and asked if he could help her. The little girl was so happy to see him and she knew he would keep her safe. The big, strong man picked up the little girl and carried her back to her home. The little girl was very grateful and thanked him for his help. She thought he was the most beautiful person she had ever seen, with his big muscles and kind smile. From that day on, the little girl knew that if she ever needed help, she could always count on the big, strong man with the beautiful smile.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Sarah. She was only three years old. One day, Sarah decided to go to the garden to pick some radishes. As Sarah approached the garden, she got a little scared. But she reminded herself that radishes were her favorite vegetable, and so she kept walking. Once there, she began gathering her vegetables. She filled her basket but then noticed an old, black snake in the corner of the garden. Sarah was very scared and immediately wanted to quit. But then she remembered how much she loved radishes, so she took a deep breath and kept picking. The snake watched her, but then quietly slithered away. When Sarah was all done, she proudly showed her parents the basket full of radishes. Her parents were so proud of her, and Sarah felt brave and proud too!Anna likes to cook with her mom. She helps her mom to stir, pour and taste. One day, mom says they will make a new dish. It is called soup. Anna is excited to try soup. Mom says they need some things to make soup. They need water, carrots, potatoes, chicken and salt. Anna knows water, carrots, potatoes and chicken. But she does not know salt. She asks mom what is salt. Mom says salt is a white thing that makes food yummy. She shows Anna a small box with salt inside. She says Anna can hold the box and shake it over the pot. Anna takes the box and shakes it. She hears a sound like rain. She likes the sound. Mom says they have to wait for the soup to boil. She says they can read a book while they wait. She picks a book from the shelf. It is a book about animals. Anna likes animals. She sees a picture of a giraffe. She says giraffe. Mom says giraffe is a tall animal. She says it has a long neck and spots. She says giraffes live in a place called Africa. She says Africa is far away from here. Anna wonders what Africa is like. She asks mom if they can go there. Mom says maybe one day they can go to Africa. She says they can meet giraffes and other animals. She says they can see different things and learn new words. Anna thinks that sounds fun. She says she wants to go to Africa. Mom says they can dream about Africa tonight. She says the soup is ready. She says they can eat the soup and then go to bed. She says they can thank God for the soup and the salt and the book and the giraffes. Anna says yes. She says she is hungry and happy. She says she loves mom. Mom says she loves Anna too. They hug and smile. They eat the soup. It is yummy. They go to bed. They dream about Africa.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to wear pretty dresses and play with her dolls. One day, Lilys mommy asked her to help tie her shoes. Lily tried her best, but the knot was too hard for her to do by herself. Suddenly, Lilys mommy started to panic. She had to go to work soon and her shoes were still untied. Dont worry, mommy, said Lily. Ill ask daddy to help us! Lilys daddy came to the rescue and tied mommys shoes. Thank you, daddy, said Lily. Youre the best! After the mild chaos of the shoetying, Lily and her family went to the park to play. They had a lot of fun swinging, sliding, and laughing together. And Lily felt happy knowing that she could help her mommy when she was in a panic.Once upon a time, there were two best friends who both had stuff. The stuff was very different and each friend had different stuff. One day, the two friends decided to march with their stuff. They marched through the fields, through the woods and through the town. They had so much fun marching with their different stuff. At the end of their march, they decided to put their stuff down and have a picnic. They ate their snacks and laughed as they looked at all the different stuff they had brought along. The two friends had the best time on their march. They enjoyed each others company and made many memories with their different stuff.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a favorite cap that she wore all the time. One day, she lost her cap while playing outside. She looked everywhere but couldnt find it. She felt sad and lonely without her cap. Lilys friend, Timmy, saw her looking for her cap and asked her what was wrong. Lily told him she lost her cap and couldnt find it. Timmy said, Dont worry, Ill help you find it. They searched together and finally found the cap under a bush. Lily was so happy and said, Thank you, Timmy! Youre the best friend ever! Timmy smiled and said, No problem, Lily. Im glad I could help. From that day on, Lily never felt lonely with her favorite cap on her head.Once there was a little fish who lived under the sea. He had bright blue scales and a sharp fin. The little fish was very proud of his home, the coral reef. He would explore all around it, looking for food and finding fun places to play. One day, he discovered an old broken shell on the reef. He decided to make it into something special, so he swam to find a sharp rock. He used the rock to make a hole in the shell and then hung it from a tall rock. Now, every morning the little fish would swim to the shell, admiring it and feeling so proud. He turned the old broken shell into something beautiful and it reminded him how special his reef was. The little fish had made his reef even more special with his clever idea. He was very proud of himself and it made him smile every day.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. He loved to play with his toys and run around outside. One day, Timmys mom told him that they were going to a birthday party for his friend Sarah. Timmy was excited to go because he knew there would be lots of cake and presents. At the party, Timmy saw a big box with a shiny bow on top. He knew it was a gift for Sarah. Timmy thought the box was very attractive and wanted to play with it. But his mom told him that the gift was not for him, it was for Sarah. Later on, when it was time to open presents, Timmy saw that Sarah ignored the big box with the shiny bow on top. She opened all her other gifts first. Timmy wondered why Sarah didnt want to open the attractive gift. Finally, when all the other gifts were opened, Sarah opened the big box. Inside was a beautiful doll that Sarah had been wanting for a long time. Timmy realized that sometimes its important to ignore things that are attractive to us, because they may not be the best gift for someone else.Once upon a time, there was a little girl called Daisy. Daisy wanted to know what time it was, so she asked her mummy. But her mummy said she had to look at the clock. Daisy was very excited, she had never seen a clock before. She ran around the corner and there, right next to the window, was a big clock! There were big hands pointing to the number five and some small hands pointing to the number nine. Daisy was so happy and amazed. Suddenly, a sour smell appeared in the room. Daisy wondered what it was and she looked around to see if she could find out where it was coming from. Then, she saw a small bowl of sour lemons on the table. Daisy laughed because the lemon smell was so sour! Daisy looked back at the clock, and saw the big hand had moved and was now pointing to the number six. She was so excited because she had watched the clock move and now she knew how to tell the time!Once upon a time there was a little cloud. Every day it would float around in the sky and look down on the world below. All the animals loved him and often asked him to bring them treats from the sky. One day, the cloud became angry when a little girl asked for a special request. She wanted the cloud to make it rain ice cream. The cloud was so angry that he started to cry. Little girl Im sorry cloud! I didnt mean to make you angry. Please stop crying, said the little girl. Cloud Im too sad to stop. What can I do to make it up to you? Little girl Maybe you could make one of your special rainbows? The cloud thought for a moment and then it nodded. It stopped crying and spread its misty arms wide. Then it made the most beautiful rainbow! The little girl clapped and laughed at the incredible sight. As she watched, the sun came out and made the rainbow shine. The little girl thanked the cloud for her special gift and the cloud smiled. Its angry clouds were gone and it was happy again.Tom and Lily are friends. They like to play outside. They have a big ball and a small bike. They take turns to kick the ball and ride the bike. One day, they see a big dog in the park. The dog is brown and furry. It has a long tail and a wet nose. The dog runs to them and wags its tail. It wants to play too. Hi, doggy! Tom says. Do you want to play with us? The dog barks and licks Toms face. Tom laughs and pets the dog. Lily is scared of the dog. She hides behind the bike. Tom, I dont like the dog, Lily says. It is too big and loud. Can we play something else? Tom looks at Lily and sees that she is sad. He wants to make her happy. He thinks of a new game. OK, Lily, lets play itch, Tom says. We can scratch the dog and make it happy. The dog will scratch us back and make us laugh. It will be fun! Lily thinks about it. She likes to laugh. She likes to make others happy. She decides to try the new game. OK, Tom, lets play itch, Lily says. But you go first. Tom nods and walks to the dog. He scratches the dogs ears and belly. The dog wags its tail and rolls over. It scratches Toms back and legs. Tom giggles and tickles the dog. The dog barks and licks Toms face. Lily watches them and smiles. She sees that the dog is friendly and playful. She feels ready to join them. She walks to the dog and scratches its chin and paws. The dog wags its tail and rolls over. It scratches Lilys arms and neck. Lily squeals and hugs the dog. The dog barks and licks Lilys face. Tom and Lily are happy. They have a new friend. They play itch with the dog until they are tired. Then they sit on the grass and cuddle the dog. The dog snuggles with them and closes its eyes. They are all happy.Once upon a time, there was a farmer named Paul. He had a cute little donkey named Daisy. He used Daisy to carry all his crops to the farmers market. One day, Paul and Daisy were walking to the market when they saw a shield lying on the ground. It was very shiny and Paul was very happy. He decided to carry it with him. When they got to the market, Paul found a customer who wanted to buy the shield. He was very happy and made lots of money. Paul shared the money with Daisy and she was so happy! The moral of the story is that people should be kind and generous. If you help others, good things will come your way.Tommy liked to ride his bike in the park. He had a red bike with two big wheels and a shiny pedal. He could go very fast and make loud noises with his mouth. He felt happy and free on his bike. But Tommy was not nice to other kids. He did not share his bike or his toys. He did not listen to his mom or his dad. He did not say sorry or thank you. He was ignorant and rude. He thought he was better than everyone else. One day, he saw a little girl with a yellow bike. She had a basket with flowers and a bell that rang. Tommy wanted her bike. He rode up to her and said, Give me your bike. It is mine now. You are stupid and ugly. The little girl was scared and sad. She said, No, this is my bike. I got it for my birthday. Please go away. Tommy did not care. He pushed her off her bike and took it. He laughed and rode away. But Tommy did not know how to ride the yellow bike. It was smaller and lighter than his red bike. It had a different pedal and a brake. Tommy did not pay attention to the road. He did not see the big truck that was coming. He did not hear the horn that was honking. He did not feel the bump that was ahead. The truck hit Tommy and his yellow bike. There was a loud crash and a lot of pain. Tommy flew off the bike and landed on the ground. He was bleeding and broken. He cried and screamed. The little girl ran to him and tried to help. She was kind and brave. She said, Im sorry, Tommy. I hope you are okay. Tommy did not answer. He shut his eyes and did not open them again. He was gone.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Lucy. She was walking in the park one day and suddenly she heard a loud caw. Lucy stopped and looked around, trying to find the source of the noise. Suddenly, a great black raven flew down from the sky and landed right beside her. Startled, Lucy screamed and started to panic. Whats wrong, Lucy? asked the raven. I feel dizzy, replied Lucy. The raven thought for a moment. I have an idea! the raven said. Lets go for a ride! Lucy grabbed the ravens feathers and, with a powerful flap of its wings, the raven soared off into the sky. As they swirled round and round in the air, Lucy felt a wonderful wind on her face and she was no longer dizzy. At last, the raven landed back in the park and Lucy thanked it for the ride. The raven smiled back. Dont be scared next time, it said. And Lucy was never scared of ravens again!Once upon a time, there were two friends, Jack and Jill. They wanted to see what was at the top of a big hill. So they started to walk up the hill. It was steep, so they had to take lots of little steps. Soon they were at the top. But it was very uncomfortable up there. The wind was chilly and the hill was very high. Jack and Jill started to look around. They wanted to find something special. Suddenly they saw it! It was a big group of colorful butterflies. They were gathering in a circle, fluttering around in the sunshine. Jack and Jill were so happy. They watched the butterflies until they were all gone. Then they hopped down the hill and went home.Sara and Ben were playing with their toys in the living room. They had a big box that they used as a house, a car, or a boat. They liked to pretend that they were on adventures. Lets go to the beach! Ben said, putting on his hat and sunglasses. He grabbed a towel and a bucket. We can make sand castles and find shells. OK! Sara agreed, following him. She took her doll and a shovel. They dragged the box to the backyard, where there was a sandbox. They put the box in the sand and climbed inside. They pretended that they were sailing on the ocean. They used the shovel and the bucket to make sand castles and dig holes. They found some rocks and sticks and pretended that they were shells and fish. They had a lot of fun, but they also got very dirty. Sand was everywhere on their clothes, in their hair, and on their toys. The sun was very hot and harsh. It made them thirsty and sweaty. Lets go inside and wash, Sara said, feeling sticky and itchy. We can have some juice and cookies. OK, Ben said, feeling tired and thirsty. He grabbed the towel and the bucket. He helped Sara carry the box and the doll. They left the sandbox and went to the door. But when they got there, they saw Mom waiting for them. She looked angry. She saw the sand and the dirt on them and on the floor. What have you done? she asked, in a loud and harsh voice. You made a big mess! You cant bring the box and the toys inside. They are too dirty. You have to wash them outside first. And then you have to wash yourselves. Go to the hose and spray everything. Now! Sara and Ben felt scared and sad. They did not mean to make Mom angry. They just wanted to have fun. They did not like the hose. It was cold and wet. They did not want to wash their toys. They liked them the way they were. They started to cry. They dropped the box and the toys. They hugged each other. Please, Mom, dont be harsh, Sara said, in a small and soft voice. We are sorry. We love you. Mom saw their tears and heard their words. She felt sorry too. She realized that she was too harsh. She knelt down and hugged them. Im sorry too, she said, in a gentle and kind voice. I love you too. I know you were just playing. But you have to be careful. Sand can hurt your skin and your eyes. And dirt can make you sick. You have to wash it off. Its good for you. Ill help you. Come on, lets go to the hose. It will be fun. And then we can have some juice and cookies. OK? Sara and Ben nodded. They felt better. They smiled. They took the box and the toys. They followed Mom to the hose. They washed everything. They laughed and splashed. They had fun. They learned that washing was not so bad. And that Mom was not so harsh. She was just trying to keep them safe and clean. They loved her. And she loved them.Once upon a time there was a restless girl who wanted to see the world. One night, she decided to go on an adventure. She put on her shoes and grabbed a lantern and went out the door. The night air was cool and the stars twinkled brightly. She started walking, but soon became lost. Her lantern seemed too far away, and she felt scared. Suddenly, she heard a noise and something appear in front of her. It was a magical creature! It had bright eyes and lots of feathers. It looked so friendly and full of love. The creature said shed help her find her way. Hand in hand, they made their way back home. As the morning sun rose, the girl knew the creature couldnt stay, so the creature disappeared. The little girl was so happy shed found her way home. She knew this adventure was full of love and she would never forget it.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. He loved playing soccer with his friends. One day, Timmys dad came to watch him play. Whats the goal, Timmy? asked his dad. To score a goal! Timmy replied with a big smile. During the game, Timmys friend Billy kicked the ball towards him. Timmy ran as fast as he could and kicked the ball with all his might. The ball went flying into the goal! I did it! I scored a goal! Timmy shouted happily. After the game, Timmys mom brought out some snacks for the team. Timmy noticed that his friend Sarah had a different snack than everyone else. What did you bring, Sarah? Timmy asked. I brought some cutup apples, Sarah replied. Can I try some? Timmy asked politely. Sarah smiled and shared her apples with Timmy. They were delicious! From that day on, Timmy brought cutup apples to every soccer game. He loved trying different snacks and sharing them with his friends. And he always remembered the goal to have fun and score as many goals as possible!One day, on a Tuesday, the sun began to rise. It was a very bright and happy day. The birds were singing loud songs, and the big yellow sun made the sky very pretty. In a small house, a little boy named Tim woke up. He heard the loud birds and saw the sun rise. He was excited to play outside with his friends. Tim put on his shoes and went out to have fun. Tim and his friends played all day on Tuesday. They laughed and ran under the big, bright sun. They had so much fun. When the sun started to go down, they said bye to each other. Tim went back to his house, tired but happy. He couldnt wait for the next day to play again.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy had a weird hat that he loved to wear. One day, Timmys mom took him to a music store. There, Timmy saw a drum and he wanted to play it. Timmys mom bought him the drum and Timmy was very happy. He enjoyed playing the drum every day and he loved the sound it made. Timmys weird hat and his drum made him very happy. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Belle. Belle loved to play outside and care for her pet bird. One day, she was out in her garden, when she saw something strange a broken wheel. She took the wheel and carried it inside. When Belles mom saw the wheel, she said, What did you do, Belle?! Belle said, I was trying to care for it. Her mom smiled and said, Come on, lets go see where it belongs. Belle and her mom walked around the neighborhood. They saw a little old dog who looked very hungry. Belle looked at the wheel and said, Lets give this to the dog. He looks like he needs it. Belles mom smiled and said, Thats a very caring thought, Belle. Lets go and see if the dog wants it. They walked to the dogs house and when the dog saw the wheel, he wagged his tail with joy. He was so happy he couldnt stop thanking them. Belle knew that if she cared, others would be happy. From then on, she made sure to care for everyone and everything.Once upon a time there was a popular shark. He liked to hop around the ocean. He told everyone he met about how much he liked to hop. One day he saw a fish swimming around and he really wanted to play with it. He asked the fish if it wanted to hop with him. The fish said yes and they both started to hop around the ocean. They had so much fun together. Everywhere they hopped, the fish and the shark laughed. Soon they became very good friends and loved hopping together. The shark was so happy that he had found a new friend to hop with. Finally, when it was time to go home, the fish and the shark waved goodbye and hopped off in different directions. They both looked forward to the next time they could hop together!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys. Her favorite toy was a teddy bear. One night, Lily was scared of the dark. She hugged her teddy bear tightly and wished she could settle down and sleep. Suddenly, she heard a noise. It was her mom coming to check on her. Her mom gave her a night light to help chase away the dark. Lily felt better and settled down with her toy. She hugged her teddy bear and fell asleep with a smile on her face.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy was very scared of monsters. He thought monsters would come and get him at night. But one day, Timmy decided he was brave enough to face his fear. He went to his room and looked under his bed. He saw a monster! But the monster was not scary at all. It was just a toy monster that Timmy had forgotten about. Timmy was so happy that he finished his fear. Timmys sister, Sally, came into the room and saw the monster. She wanted to play with it, but Timmy said no. Sally thought Timmy was being selfish. But Timmy explained that he was not being selfish, he just wanted to keep the monster for himself. Sally understood and they played together with other toys instead.Paul was an adventurous three year old. He loved to explore new places and try new things. One day he decided he wanted to visit the library. He wanted to see all the fancy books on the shelves. When they arrived at the library, Paul was so excited that he ran through the library. He was so eager to look at all the books that he wasnt careful. He ended up knocking over some of the shelves of books and making a big mess. The librarian came and scolded Paul. She told him that he doesnt have enough respect for books and needs to be careful. Paul felt so bad about what he had done that he started to cry. The librarian was very kind and hugged Paul. She told him that it was ok and gently showed him how to handle books with care. Paul was so sorry for making such a mess. He promised himself he would never do it again and he would listen to the librarian from then on. He regretted not being more careful and knew he should always show respect to the books.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play outside in the rain. He would jump in puddles and splash around, getting very wet. But one day, Timmys mom said he couldnt go outside because it was too serious of a storm. Timmy was sad and didnt know what to do. He decided to spend his time playing with his toys inside. But he quickly got bored and missed being outside in the wet rain. He thought about sneaking out, but he knew it was too serious of a storm. Suddenly, Timmy had an idea. He asked his mom if they could make paper boats and sail them in the puddles outside. His mom thought it was a great idea, and they spent the rest of the day making boats and having fun in the rain. Timmy was no longer sad, and he learned that even when things seem serious, theres always a way to have fun. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. Lily loved playing outside in the rain. One day, Lilys mommy told her not to go outside because it was raining too much. But Lily didnt listen and went outside to play anyway. Lily was having so much fun splashing in the puddles, but then she started to feel cold and wet. She realized that her clothes were soaked through and she needed to change into dry ones. As Lily was walking back to her house, she saw a big, interesting tree. She decided to climb it and see what she could find. But as she was climbing, she slipped and fell down. She hurt herself badly and had to go to the hospital. Lilys mommy was very upset with her for not listening and going outside in the rain. Lily learned her lesson and promised to always listen to her mommy from now on.Jack went to the beach with his family. He felt excited and happy but also a little scared. He saw some small waves in the sea and he wanted to explore. He could hear the birds chirping and the sound of the wind. As Jack walked closer to the sea he began to feel scared. There were large shadows moving in the water and he heard a loud sound like somebody was yelling. Then he realised it was a shark! Jack shrieked and he tried to run back to the shore. The shark seemed to be getting closer and it was bigger than hed expected. He tried to scream for help, but he couldnt quite remember how. But the shark was getting closer! The small waves and the noise of the birds became distant as the fierce shark kept chasing Jack. He was getting exhausted and he knew he couldnt keep running. Suddenly the shark was right in front of him and he had nowhere to hide. He yelled out loud but nobody could hear him. Finally, the shark ate Jack and he was never seen again.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Benny. He was three years old and loved to learn new things. One day, he watched some people wearing masks. He thought they looked very nice. Benny wanted to learn how to wear one too. He asked his mom if he could have a mask. His mom said yes and she helped him put it on. Benny was so excited to learn something new. He ran around the house wearing his new mask. He loved the way it felt and how it covered his face. His mom laughed at how silly he looked. Benny was so proud of himself. He had learned something new and he was wearing a nice mask. He had a lot of fun that day. The End.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lola. She had a big bag of wool. She loved to take it out and stir it with her hands. One day, Lola decided to make something special. She took out some of the bright wool and started to carefully stir it together. Soon, the wool started to look like a big bright ball. Lola rolled the wool around until it was really nice and round. Lola was very proud of her work. The next day, Lola took her wool ball outside to play with her friends. She and her friends laughed and smiled as they rolled the bright wool around the grass. Lola and her friends had so much fun that day. She hugged the bright wool and was so happy. From then on, Lola loved to make and play with her wool balls!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She was very gifted and loved to draw. One day, Lilys mom gave her a big box of crayons as a gift. Lily was so happy and she hugged her mom. Thank you, Mommy! I love it! she said. Later that day, Lily went to the park with her friend, Timmy. They played on the swings and went down the slide. When they were done, Timmy said, I have to go potty. Can you show me where the toilet is? Lily pointed to the building with the sign that said Restroom and said, Its over there, Timmy! After Timmy came back, they sat on a bench and Lily showed him her new crayons. Look at all the colors I have! Im going to draw a picture of us playing in the park, she said. Timmy looked at her drawing and said, Wow, Lily! Youre really good at drawing. Youre so gifted! Lily smiled and said, Thanks, Timmy. I love drawing!Tom and Sue like to play with their toy cars. They have many cars of different colors and sizes. They drive them on the floor, on the table, and on the porch. They make sounds like vroom, beep, and honk. One day, Tom sees a new car in Sues hand. It is big and red and shiny. It has four big wheels and a loud horn. Tom wants to play with it. He asks Sue, Can I have your car? Sue says, No, this is my car. I got it from Grandma. It is tough and fast and fun. You have your own cars. Tom feels angry. He thinks Sue is not nice. He wants to take her car. He waits until Sue is not looking. Then he grabs her car and runs away. Sue sees Tom with her car. She feels sad and mad. She shouts, Tom, give me back my car! That is not fair! She chases Tom around the house. They run and bump and yell. They knock over chairs and lamps and books. They make a big mess. Mom hears the noise. She comes to see what is wrong. She sees Tom and Sue with the car. She sees the mess. She feels unhappy. She says, Tom and Sue, what are you doing? Why are you fighting over a car? Why are you making a mess? Tom and Sue stop and look at Mom. They feel sorry. They say, We are sorry, Mom. We were playing with the car. Tom wanted it and Sue did not want to share. We were not nice to each other. Mom says, I understand. But you have to learn to share and be kind. The car is a gift from Grandma. She loves you both. She wants you to enjoy it together. How about you take turns driving it? And how about you help me clean up the mess? Tom and Sue nod. They say, OK, Mom. We will share and be kind. We will help you clean up. We love you and Grandma. Mom smiles. She says, I love you too. Now, lets go to the porch and drive the car. It is a beautiful day.Once upon a time, there was a parent. This parent was very competitive and wanted to win every game they played. One day, they were competing in a race. The parent was in first place, but a little child was right behind them. As they ran, the parent heard the child laughing and knew they had a chance of winning. So the parent squeezed a little harder, running even faster. Eventually, they crossed the finish line and won the race. The parent was so happy that they jumped up and down in excitement. The little child smiled and gave them a big hug as they crossed the finish line. They were both so happy that they laughed and hugged each other. They had both won and their competitive spirit was something to be admired.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her daddy. Daddy was cool because he always made her laugh. One day, Lily and daddy went for a walk in the park. Daddy carried Lily on his shoulders because she was tired. As they walked, they saw a big tree with apples on it. Daddy lifted Lily up so she could pick an apple. She was so happy! They walked some more and saw a pond with ducks swimming in it. Daddy carried Lily so she could see the ducks up close. Finally, they reached a playground with swings and a slide. Daddy pushed Lily on the swing and she giggled with joy. After playing, they went home and had some yummy snacks. Lily hugged daddy and said, Thank you for carrying me and making today so much fun. Daddy smiled and said, I love you, Lily.Once upon a time, there was a man with a big blue mustache. He lived in a house with a big door that he always locked before going to bed. One night, he forgot to lock the door and a little mouse came inside. The man woke up and saw the mouse, but he was not afraid. He picked up the mouse and put it outside. From that day on, the man always remembered to lock his door before going to bed. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl called Sam. She loved going for walks with her dad. One day, Dad took Sam to the park. She saw a big track and she wanted to have some fun. Dad said lets try running on the track. So Sam and Dad started to run. Their feet made a sound like pitterpatter. Sam was so excited she laughed and laughed! Then Dad said Lets see if you can jump over that log on the track. Sam was a bit scared, but she decided to try it. She jumped with all her might, and soared over the log. Sam was so proud of herself. She laughed with joy. Then, she and Dad hugged and had a big squeeze. They ran back home, happy together.Once upon a time, there was a silly little girl named Jane. She was three years old and loved to explore the world around her. One day, in her exploration of the house, Jane opened the big, cold freezer. Inside, she found a big box of yummy treats, and she wanted them all. So, with a mischievous smile, Jane shook the freezer and all the yummy treats spilled out. She was so excited to find all the delicious treats and couldnt wait to eat them. But then, a loud voice called out from behind her. It was her big brother! He had been watching her the whole time, and he was very envious of her happy discovery. He promised to share the treats, but Jane had already eaten them all. As he shook his head in disappointment, Jane could only giggle with joy!Once upon a time, there was a boy named Josh who was three years old. He loved playing funny games in the park. One day, Josh went to the park and saw a pile of gifts. All his friends were there too, so he decided to take one. His friend Thomas saw it and said, What a nice surprise! Someone left a gift here! Josh asked, Can I take it? Thomas said, Yes, why not! Josh grabbed the gift and ran home. He opened it and saw there was a toy car inside. Josh was so excited! But then he realised he had been selfish and had not thought about his friends. Joshs happiness increased but his sadness increased too. He quickly ran back to the park and shared the gift with his friends. Everyone was happy. Josh smiled and said, It is better to share gifts than to be sad!Molly was a silly girl. She liked to jump and dance everywhere! She even sometimes danced around the house. One night, Molly wanted to do something special. She asked her mom for a candle. So her mom gave her a special one. It was huge and bright. Molly put the candle in the middle of the room and danced around it. It was so much fun! She laughed and smiled as she twirled and spun. It felt like she was flying. Molly danced around the candle until it flickered off. Then it was time to go to bed. Molly said good night to the candle and thanked it for the wonderful dance.Sara and Ben were twins who liked to play with their toys. They had a charming dollhouse that had many rooms and furniture. They also had a toy car that could go fast and make noises. One day, they were playing with their toys when they heard a loud snap. The toy car had broken one of its wheels and could not move anymore. Sara and Ben were sad and did not know what to do. They decided to ask their dad for help. He was good at repairing things. They ran to him and showed him the broken toy car. Dad, can you fix our car? Sara asked. Let me see, what happened? Dad said. He looked at the car and saw the broken wheel. Oh, I see. This is not a big problem. I can repair it for you. But I need some tools and glue. I will get them from the garage. Thank you, Dad! Ben said. Dad went to the garage and came back with some tools and glue. He worked on the car and fixed the wheel. He tested the car and it worked again. He gave it back to Sara and Ben. Here you go, your car is as good as new. Be careful with it, okay? Dad said. Wow, thank you, Dad! You are the best! Sara and Ben said. They hugged their dad and took their car back to their dollhouse. They played with their toys until it was night. They were happy and grateful to their dad for repairing their car. They put their toys away and went to bed. They dreamed of more adventures with their toys.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to drink juice, especially apple juice. She asked her mommy if she could have some juice, but her mommy said she had to pay for it. Lily didnt know what pay meant, so her mommy explained that it meant she had to give something in exchange for the juice. Lily went to her piggy bank and found some coins. She gave the coins to her mommy and her mommy gave her a cup of juice. Lily drank the juice and felt happy. But then she noticed that her tummy was feeling a bit fat. She didnt like feeling fat, so she decided to go play outside and run around. She had fun and forgot all about feeling fat. From that day on, Lily always remembered to pay for her juice and to play outside to stay healthy. The end.One day there was a woman. She was very polite, and she had a design. She wanted to make something special for her house. So she drew a picture and she put it on the wall. The woman was very excited about her design. She showed it to her friends. They all said it was very funny and pretty. Then one day she took her design to her neighbors house. He looked at it and smiled. He asked her if he could have the design in his own house too. She said yes and he thanked her, because she was very polite. The woman was happy. She was proud that her design was good enough to have in two houses. She was even happier when the neighbors asked her to make more designs. They said they wanted more pictures. So the woman kept designing until she had enough pictures to fill many houses. Everyone was happy to see what she had done. She was very proud of her work.One sunny day, a little girl named Lily wanted to water her flowers. She went to get the hose but it was too heavy for her. She asked her mommy to help her. Her mommy said, Lets try to carry it together. They both held the hose and walked to the flower bed. Lily turned on the water and the hose made a big noise. She laughed and sprayed the water on the flowers. The sun was shining bright and made everything look so light and pretty. Lily was happy that her flowers were getting watered and that she had fun with her mommy. After they finished watering, they put the hose away and went inside for a snack. Lily told her mommy, I like the hose and the light outside. Her mommy smiled and said, Me too, sweetie.Once there was a girl named Mia who was very restless. One day Mia went to the beach with her parents. She was so excited! But, when they got there, Mia started to complain. The sand was not soft enough and the waves were too big. Her mom said, I have an idea! She pulled out some salt and told Mia she could sprinkle it in the water. Mia was even more excited! She ran to the beach and sprinkled the salt in the water, like sugar on cereal. Suddenly, the water started to sparkle and the waves were much smaller. Mia was so happy! She ran around the beach, playing and splashing. She smiled and laughed and she never complained again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to collect pretty stones and shells at the beach. One day, she saw a wide seashell that she really wanted to add to her collection. But it was in the water and she couldnt reach it. Her friend, a boy named Max, came by and saw her trying to get the seashell. I can help you pass it to you, he said kindly. And so, he helped her get the seashell. Lily was very happy and thanked Max for his help. She learned that its always nice to help others and that friends are there to help each other collect the things they love.Once upon a time, two friends named Jack and Jill were walking through the woods. As they walked, Jack saw a bright light coming from behind a tree. It was a big, round bulb that was shining light all around it. The friends were very excited! They quickly grabbed the bulb and held it up so they could get a closer look. Inside the bulb was a very rich, sparkling gold! Jill was so amazed, she couldnt believe what she was seeing. She shouted, Lets take it home! Jack agreed, so the two friends quickly made their way home. They put the bulb into the ground and waited. As the sun began to rise in the morning, the bulb lit up the sky. Jack and Jill looked up in awe as the light from the bulb rose high into the sky. Soon, the sky was filled with a golden brightness. Jack and Jill were so proud of their new bulb. The rich golden light would remind them of their amazing adventure in the woods forever.Once upon a time, a curious bunny was hopping in the forest. The bunny saw a trap on the ground. The trap was made of metal and had sharp teeth. The bunny knew it was dangerous, so it didnt go near it. Suddenly, the bunny saw a carrot on the other side of the trap. The bunny really wanted the carrot, but it didnt want to get caught in the trap. So, the bunny had an idea. It decided to part the trap in the middle with a stick. The bunny was able to get the carrot without getting caught in the trap. It was happy and ate the carrot. From that day on, the bunny was very careful when it saw traps in the forest.Lily liked to play with her moms comb. It was shiny and had many teeth. She used it to make her hair look pretty. Sometimes she pretended it was a magic wand or a sword. One day, she found the comb on the table in the living room. She picked it up and ran to her room. She wanted to play with it alone. She closed the door and locked it. She did not want anyone to bother her. She put the comb on her bed and looked for her dolls. She wanted to comb their hair too. But she could not find them. They were hidden under the blanket. She lifted the blanket and saw them. She smiled and grabbed them. She heard a knock on the door. It was her mom. She said, Lily, open the door, please. I need the comb. It is mine, not yours. Lily did not want to give the comb back. She liked it too much. She said, No, mom. It is mine. I found it. Go away. Her mom said, Lily, that is not nice. You have to share. The comb is not a toy. It is for brushing hair. If you do not open the door, I will be angry. Lily felt scared. She did not want her mom to be angry. She did not want to make her sad. She thought for a moment. She decided to be good. She said, Sorry, mom. I will open the door. Here is the comb. You can have it. She unlocked the door and gave the comb to her mom. Her mom smiled and hugged her. She said, Thank you, Lily. You are a good girl. I love you. Lily felt happy. She said, I love you too, mom. Can I play with the comb later? Her mom said, Yes, you can. But only if you ask me first. And only if you are careful. OK? Lily said, OK, mom. I will ask you first. And I will be careful. They both smiled and went to the living room. They played with the comb and the dolls together. They had fun.Anna and Ben are twins. They share a room and a crib. They like to play with their toys and talk to each other. Sometimes they make funny noises and laugh. One day, Mom comes in and says, Its nap time, my sweeties. Time to go to the crib and sleep. She picks up Anna and puts her in the crib. Then she picks up Ben and puts him next to Anna. She kisses them and says, I love you. Have a good nap. Anna and Ben do not want to nap. They want to play more. They look at each other and whisper, Lets get out of the crib. They try to climb over the rails, but they are too high. They try to push the crib, but it is too heavy. They try to call Mom, but she does not hear them. They get tired and frustrated. They start to cry. Anna says, This is a stupid crib. I hate it. Ben says, Me too. Its not fair. Why do we have to nap? Anna says, I dont know. Mom says its good for us. But I dont like it. Ben shrugs. He does not know what to do. He says, Maybe we should sleep. Maybe it will make Mom happy. And maybe we will have a nice dream. Anna thinks for a moment. She says, Maybe you are right. Maybe its not so bad. Maybe we can play later. She yawns and cuddles with Ben. Ben yawns and cuddles with Anna. They close their eyes and fall asleep.One day, a little girl named Alice was walking with her basket in the park. She was so excited for the adventure ahead. There were lots of trees, and she wanted to explore them all. Suddenly, Alice saw a big, yellow flower. She knew that she wanted to pick it, but it was too far away. She was determined to reach it, so Alice moved closer and closer. Even though it was very hard, she was too stubborn to give up. Alices friends were watching, and they were so proud of her. At last, Alice was able to pick the yellow flower from the branch. She was so happy to have achieved her goal, and put the flower in her basket. Alice had learned a valuable lesson that day. Just because something seems hard, doesnt mean its not possible. With determination and hard work, she could do anything. Alice was smiling as she walked away with her basket.Once upon a time there was a little girl called Daisy. Daisy lived with her daddy in a big house. It was a very special house and very unique. One day, Daisy woke up and it was very cold. She opened her curtains and saw snow outside. Daisy was so excited! She looked out of the window and started to shiver. She called for her daddy. âœDaddy! Daddy! Come and see the snow!â Daddy came over to the window and smiled. âœYes, Daisy, itâs snowing. What do you want to do?â Daisy was so happy and shouted, âœLetâs go outside and play in the snow!â Daddy said, âœYes, letâs go!â So Daisy and her daddy wrapped up warm and went outside to play. There was so much snow! They made a snowman, slid down hills and threw snowballs at each other. When Daisy and her daddy went back inside, Daisy was so tired and warm. She had had so much fun playing in the snow! She snuggled with her daddy and said, âœIt was so much fun, Daddy!â Daddy smiled and said, âœIt sure was, Daisy. That was a very special, unique experience.âOnce upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the sunshine and pick flowers. One day, while she was playing, she saw a butterfly that looked very tired. Lily was worried that the butterfly might be sick, so she picked it up gently and brought it inside to show her mommy. Mommy told Lily that the butterfly needed some oxygen to feel better. Lily didnt know what oxygen was, but mommy explained that its a special gas that we all need to breathe. Mommy also said that the butterfly might be feeling impatient because it wanted to fly again. So, mommy and Lily decided to help the butterfly by putting it in a jar with some fresh air and flowers. They also put a little piece of banana in the jar for the butterfly to eat. After a little while, the butterfly started to feel better and it flew away happily. Lily felt very happy too, knowing that she helped the butterfly feel better and fly again.Once upon a time, there was a silly little fox. He had bright red fur. He loved to play in the forest. One day, the fox saw a big cart filled with hay. He was very curious and he wanted to see inside. He crawled up and began to load the hay into the cart. Suddenly, the fox heard a deep voice. It was the farmer. He was angry! The fox had been very foolish to touch the cart. He wouldnt let the fox get away with it. The farmer grabbed his arm and threw him out of the forest. The fox was sad, but he vowed never to be so foolish again! He ran back home and curled up in his warm fur. From that day onward, the fox was always careful and never played with the farmers things again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside with her toys. One day, she found a stick and started to measure things. She measured how tall the flowers were and how wide the trees were. But then, it started to rain and Lily got very wet. She was miserable because she didnt like being wet. She ran back to her house and her mom gave her a warm blanket to dry off. Lily was happy to be inside where it was warm and cozy. She realized that sometimes its better to be inside when its raining outside. She hugged her mom and said, I love you.Tom was a little boy who liked to play with his toys. He had many toys, but his favorite was a red car. He liked to zoom the car around the floor and make loud noises. He also liked to put the car in his mouth and bite it. One day, Tom was playing with his car in his room. He was having fun, but he was also tired. He did not want to stop playing, so he did not listen to his mom when she called him for dinner. He put the car in his mouth and lay down on his bed. Soon, Tom fell asleep with the car in his mouth. He did not know that the car had a small wheel that could come off. While he was sleeping, the wheel came off and went into his throat. Tom started to choke and cough. He woke up and felt scared and hurt. His mom heard him and ran to his room. She saw the car in his mouth and the wheel in his throat. She quickly took the car out of his mouth and helped him spit out the wheel. She hugged him and took him to the doctor. The doctor checked Tom and said he was lucky. He said that the wheel could have hurt him more if it stayed in his throat. He told Tom not to put toys in his mouth, because they are not food. He said that toys are for playing, not for eating. Tom learned his lesson. He said sorry to his mom and thanked the doctor. He promised not to put toys in his mouth again. He also promised to listen to his mom when she called him for dinner. He realized that playing is fun, but eating and sleeping are important too. He was a good boy after that.Lily liked to look at the sky and see the aeroplanes. They were big and loud and flew very fast. Sometimes they had different colours or shapes. Lily wanted to fly in an aeroplane one day. One day, Lilys mum and dad told her they had a surprise for her. They packed some bags and took her to a big place with many aeroplanes. Lily was very excited. She asked if they were going to fly in an aeroplane. Her mum and dad said yes, they were going to visit her grandma in another place. Lily followed her mum and dad to a big aeroplane. They showed their tickets to a lady and went inside. Lily saw many seats and people. She found her seat and put on a belt. Her mum and dad did the same. Lily looked out of the window and saw the wing of the aeroplane. It had a part that moved up and down. The aeroplane started to move and make a lot of noise. Lily felt scared and held her mums hand. Her mum told her it was okay, they were going to take off soon. Lily watched as the aeroplane went faster and faster. Then it lifted off the ground and went up in the sky. Lily saw the clouds and the sun. She felt happy and amazed. She smiled and said, We are flying in an aeroplane!Once upon a time, there was a man named John. John had a wife named Mary. Mary was a very clean woman, but John was messy. His house was filthy and dirty. One day, Mary said to John, John, please clean the house. Its very dirty. John replied, I will clean it later. I need to go outside and play. Mary was upset and said, You never clean the house. I am tired of it. John felt bad and decided to clean the house. He started to pick up his toys and put them away. He even used a bow to tie up the garbage bags. When Mary came back, she was surprised to see the house clean. She hugged John and said, Thank you for cleaning the house. You are a good husband. From that day on, John made sure to clean the house every day.Once upon a time, in a beautiful forest, there lived a little squirrel named Sam. Sam loved to play the drum. Every day, he would find a big log and tap on it with sticks. One sunny day, Sam met a bird named Bella. Bella liked to sing. Sam and Bella decided to play and sing together. Lets record our song! said Sam. Bella agreed, and they found a way to save their song. Sam played his drum, and Bella sang her song. They played and sang all day long. The other animals came to listen and dance to their music. Sam and Bella were so happy to share their gift with their friends.Once upon a time there was a little mouse called Sam. Sam had a long, fluffy tail which he was very proud of. One day, Sam decided to show off his tail to the other mice in the forest. When they saw it they all began to laugh. Look at that silly tail! they said. Sam was embarrassed, and he ran away so they couldnt see him. Once Sam was out of sight, he heard a funny sound coming from one of the tree branches. It was a wise old owl watching the whole scene. Its not nice to make fun of someones tail, said the owl. You should try to always be kind and sort out your differences in a peaceful way. Sam thought about these words. From then on, he treated everyone with respect, no matter what their tail looked like.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved oranges, they were his favorite fruit. One day, Timmy went to the store with his mom. He saw a big, juicy orange and made a wish to have it. Timmys mom said, I cant buy that orange, its too expensive. Timmy was sad and said, I wish we could have that orange. Just then, a kind man who worked at the store came over and said, I can serve you that orange. Its on me. Timmy was so happy and said thank you. As they were leaving the store, a big dog came running towards them. Timmy was scared and started to cry. The man who served them the orange came to their rescue and scared the dog away. Timmy and his mom were so grateful and thanked the man again. From that day on, Timmy always remembered the kind man who served him his favorite orange and saved them from the big dog.Tom liked to bounce his ball. He bounced it high and low, fast and slow, near and far. He bounced it on the grass, on the path, on the wall. He bounced it all day long. One day, he bounced his ball too hard. It flew over the fence and into the road. Tom ran after it, but he could not catch it. The ball bounced and bounced and bounced, until it was out of sight. Tom was sad. He lost his ball. He did not have another one. He sat on the grass and cried. A girl saw him crying. She was walking with her mom. She had a ball too. It was red and shiny. She liked to bounce it too. She went to Tom and said, Hi, I am Sue. Why are you sad? Tom said, I lost my ball. It bounced away to the east. I cant find it. Sue said, Thats too bad. Do you want to play with my ball? We can share it. Tom looked at her ball. It was very nice. He said, Thank you, Sue. You are very kind. You have a nice ball. Sue said, Youre welcome, Tom. You are very modest. You dont need a fancy ball to have fun. They smiled at each other. They bounced the ball together. They had fun. They became friends.Lily and Ben were playing in the park with their bikes. They liked to go fast and make loud noises. They saw a big house with a shiny gate and many flowers. They wanted to see more. Lets go inside, Ben said. Maybe they have toys and candy. Lily nodded. She followed Ben as he pushed the gate open. They rode their bikes on the grass and looked at the windows. They saw a big dog with a red collar. It barked at them. Wow, look at that dog! Ben said. Its so big and fluffy. I want to pet it. Lily was scared. She did not like big dogs. She saw a sign that said Beware of the dog. She tried to tell Ben to stop, but he did not listen. He got off his bike and walked towards the dog. The dog did not like Ben. It growled and showed its teeth. It ran towards Ben and jumped on him. Ben screamed and fell down. He dropped his bike and his helmet. The dog bit his arm and shook it. Lily panicked. She did not know what to do. She wanted to help Ben, but she was too afraid of the dog. She looked around and saw a door with a handle. She ran to the door and opened it. She hoped to find someone who could help. She entered the house and saw a big hall with many pictures and statues. She saw a man and a woman sitting on a sofa. They were watching TV. They looked rich. They had nice clothes and shiny things. They did not see Lily. Lily ran to them and shouted. Help, help! Theres a dog outside and its hurting my friend! Please help! The man and the woman turned around and saw Lily. They were surprised and angry. They did not like strangers in their house. They did not like children on their grass. They did not like bikes on their flowers. Who are you? How did you get in here? Get out of here, you little thief! the man yelled. He got up and grabbed Lily by the arm. He dragged her to the door and threw her outside. He slammed the door and locked it. Lily cried. She was hurt and scared. She saw Ben lying on the ground with the dog on top of him. He was bleeding and crying. She wanted to help him, but she could not. She did not know what to do. She wished someone would come and save them.Once upon a time, there was a young boy named Jack. He was very excited because it was time to hurry to the library. He loved to go there to read books. His favorite was a special black novel. Jack and his mom ran to the library as fast as they could. When they finally arrived, Jack hurried to the shelves to find his novel. He was so excited to see it sitting high up on the shelf. Jack and his mom asked the librarian if he could get a chair to reach the book. The librarian kindly got him a tall chair and Jack quickly climbed up. He grabbed the black novel and hurried back down. Jack and his mom thanked the librarian and rushed back home. Jack couldnt wait to read the new novel. He knew that no matter what stories were contained within the book, his day was sure to be a magical one!Once upon a time, there was a little bird named Tweetie. Tweetie loved to fly high in the sky and feel the wind in her feathers. One day, she saw a big yellow balloon floating in the air. Tweetie wanted to see the balloon up close, so she flew towards it. As she got closer, she felt the wind getting stronger and stronger. But Tweetie was a brave bird, so she kept flying towards the balloon. Finally, Tweetie reached the balloon and saw that it was tied to a tree. She perched on a branch and watched the balloon soar higher and higher in the sky. Tweetie was happy to have seen something so beautiful and exciting.Anna and Ben are playing with their toy animals. Anna has a lion and Ben has a giraffe. They make the animals talk to each other. Hello, lion. I am giraffe. Do you want to be friends? Ben says. Yes, giraffe. I want to be friends. You are very tall and I am very strong. We can help each other, Anna says. They play for a long time, making the animals run, jump, and eat. They have fun and laugh a lot. Soon, it is evening. The sky is dark and the stars are bright. Anna and Bens mom calls them. Anna, Ben, it is time to go to bed. Come and brush your teeth and put on your pajamas, mom says. Anna and Ben do not want to stop playing. They want to play more with their animals. Mom, can we play a little more? Please, please, please? Anna says. Mom, we are having so much fun. Just a little more? Ben says. Mom smiles and shakes her head. She is patient with them. No, my loves. You have played enough for today. You need to sleep and rest. You can play more tomorrow. Come on, lets go, mom says. Anna and Ben sigh. They know mom is right. They pick up their animals and hug them. Good night, lion. Good night, giraffe. Thank you for being my friend, Anna says. Good night, giraffe. Good night, lion. You are my best friend, Ben says. They put their animals on their beds and follow mom. Before they go to their rooms, they bow to each other. Good night, Anna. Good night, Ben. You are my best sisterbrother, they say. They kiss mom and go to sleep. They dream of their animals and their friendship.Mum was out shopping when she heard a voice calling from behind her. Mum! Mum! She turned around and saw a young child running towards her. It was her daughter, Clara. Mum smiled and said, Hello, my little one. Why are you running so fast? Clara replied, I had to find you! I was out in the park playing when some old people asked if I wanted to join them. They said they would teach me something, but I knew I should come and find you first. Mum nodded. You made the right decision. Speaking to strangers and going off with them can be dangerous. Lets go home and we can talk there. The pair arrived home and Mum talked to Clara about the importance of safety. She explained that it was better to delay and think before speaking to strangers. Remember, Mum said, even though you are young, you can help keep yourself and others safe from danger. Clara looked up with a smile, Okay! she said. As the two hugged, Clara felt proud of her decision to delay before talking to the old people.Once upon a time there was a girl named Jane. Jane loved to play outside in the park. She always wore her special red jacket. One day, while playing in the park, it started to rain. Jane was very upset and frustrated because she couldnt play anymore. She struggled to put on her red jacket, but the wind kept blowing it away. Jane kept running and struggling to put on her jacket but she couldnt. She became even more frustrated. Suddenly Janes mom ran to her and put on her jacket for her. Jane was so happy that she hugged her mom tightly and thanked her for helping. From that day, Jane and her mom put on Janes jacket together every time it rained so that she could still go and play outside.Once upon a time, there was a big, strong lion named Leo. Leo lived in a big jungle with lots of other animals. One day, a mean tiger came to the jungle and started to hurt the other animals. Leo knew he had to protect his friends, so he roared really loud and chased the tiger away. After the tiger was gone, Leos friends were very happy and grateful. They decided to thank him by painting a big picture of him in the jungle. They used lots of colors to make the picture look pretty. Leo felt very proud and happy when he saw the picture. Leo was a very rich lion because he had lots of friends and was very brave. He knew that being rich didnt just mean having lots of money, but also having people who cared about you. Leo felt very lucky to have so many friends who loved him and he knew he would always protect them. The end.Tom and Anna were friends who liked to play outside. They liked to skip, run, jump and sing. One day, they saw some big trucks and loud planes go by their street. They were scared and wondered what was happening. Where are they going? Tom asked Anna. I dont know. Maybe they are going to war, Anna said. What is war? Tom asked. War is when people fight and hurt each other. It is very bad and sad, Anna said. Why do they fight? Tom asked. I dont know. Maybe they are angry or greedy or afraid. Maybe they dont have enough things or love, Anna said. That is poor. We have enough things and love. We dont need to fight, Tom said. Yes, we are lucky. We have each other and our families and our toys and our books. We can share and help and be kind, Anna said. They hugged and decided to skip away from the noise and go to the park. They hoped that the people who were going to war would stop fighting and be friends too. They wished for peace and happiness for everyone.Once upon a time there was a yellow comet in the sky. Everyone loved it because it made the night sky look so colourful. One day, the comet flew very close to the moon. The people wanted the comet to stay forever. So, they decided to bury it in the ground. The people used many tools to dig a big hole. Then, they carefully lowered the comet inside it. They made sure it was snug and cosy. After it was buried, everyone smiled and clapped. The people built a big yellow marker over the comet. Everyone could see it from far away. They named it The Yellow Comet. It was a special place that everyone loved. The end.Once there was a helpful little girl named Sophie. She wanted to mail a letter to her best pal, Max. But she didnt know how. But then, Sophie noticed that she had a palm with lots of buttons on it. She thought it could help her send the letter. So, she pushed the buttons, and sure enough, the letter left her hand and travelled to Maxs house. Max was so excited when he received the letter, he opened it right away. After all, it was a letter from his best friend!Mommy was worried. She had to find something special to decorate the house. Then she had an idea. She went outside and found a very cute caterpillar in the garden. The caterpillar was very colourful. Red and yellow! Mommy thought it would look good in the house. She carefully picked it up and brought it inside. Mommy put the caterpillar in the middle of the room and gave it lots of decorations to play with. She gave it a paintbrush, some paper and some colourful glitter. The caterpillar had so much fun decorating the house. When it was finished, the caterpillar looked very happy. Mommy was no longer worried. She was so happy that she gave the caterpillar a big hug.Tom and Lily were playing with their toys in the living room. They liked to pretend they were doctors and nurses, and they had a phone to call for help. The phone was heavy and had many buttons, but they knew how to use it. Suddenly, they heard a loud knock on the door. They ran to see who it was. It was their grandma, who came to visit them. They were happy to see her and hugged her. Hello, my darlings, grandma said. I have a surprise for you. Do you want to see it? Yes, yes, yes! Tom and Lily said. Grandma opened her big bag and took out a small box. She gave it to Tom and Lily. They opened it and saw a shiny new phone. It was light and had a screen and many colors. Wow, thank you, grandma! Tom and Lily said. This is the best phone ever! They wanted to play with the new phone right away. But they had a problem. They both wanted to hold it and press the buttons. They started to fight over it. Give it to me, its mine! Tom said. No, its mine, I saw it first! Lily said. They pulled and pushed and shouted. The phone slipped from their hands and fell on the floor. It broke into pieces. They were shocked and sad. Oh no, what have we done? Tom said. We broke the phone, grandma will be mad! Lily said. They looked at grandma, who was watching them. She was not mad. She was sad. Im sorry, grandma, Tom and Lily said. We were bad. We didnt share the phone. We broke your surprise. Grandma hugged them and said, Its okay, my darlings. Im not mad. Im sad because you fought over a thing. Things are not important. Love is important. You are important. You are my surprise. Can you share your love with each other? Tom and Lily nodded and said, Yes, grandma. We love you. We love each other. Were sorry. They hugged grandma and each other. They felt better. They didnt need the phone to play. They had each other. They were happy.Sara and Ben liked to play music. They had a drum, a flute, and a bell. They made a lot of noise with their music. They did not care if they bothered anyone. One day, they went to the park with their music. They saw a man sitting on a bench. He was reading a book. He looked very quiet and calm. Lets play music for him! Sara said. Maybe he will like it! Ben nodded. They ran to the bench and started to bang, blow, and ring their music. They did not have a good rhythm. They did not ask the man if he wanted to hear their music. They were not polite. The man frowned. He put his book down. He looked at Sara and Ben with angry eyes. Stop it! Stop it now! he shouted. You are very rude and noisy! You are hurting my ears and my head! Go away! Sara and Ben were scared. They dropped their music and ran away. They felt very bad. They regretted playing music for the man. They wished they had been more polite and respectful. The moral of the story is Always ask before you play music for someone. Not everyone likes the same kind of music. Be polite and considerate of others.Once upon a time, there was a cute little bunny named Fluffy. Fluffy loved to hop around and play with his friends in the forest. One day, Fluffy was playing with his friend, a little bird named Tweetie, when he suddenly forgot where he put his carrot. Fluffy searched and searched, but he couldnt find his carrot anywhere. He started to feel a pain in his tummy because he was so hungry. Tweetie saw that Fluffy was sad and asked him what was wrong. I forgot where I put my carrot, Fluffy said sadly. Now Im hungry and my tummy hurts. Dont worry, Fluffy, Tweetie said. Ill help you find your carrot. Well search the whole forest together! And so, Fluffy and Tweetie searched the forest until they found Fluffys carrot. Fluffy was so happy and thanked Tweetie for helping him. They continued to play and have fun in the forest, never forgetting the importance of helping each other.Tom and Jen are twins. They like to play on the farm with their dad. One day, dad says he has a surprise for them. He takes them to the barn and shows them two baby cows. One is brown and one is black. Which one do you want to keep? dad asks. You can choose one each. Tom likes the brown cow. He thinks it is cute and soft. He gives it a hug and says, I choose this one. I will name it Brownie. Jen likes the black cow. She thinks it is strong and brave. She gives it a pat and says, I choose this one. I will name it Jet. Dad smiles and says, Good choices. You can feed them and play with them every day. But remember, they will grow up to be large cows. You have to take good care of them. Tom and Jen are happy. They thank dad and run to get some hay for their cows. They do not know that Brownie and Jet have a secret. They are not ordinary cows. They are magic cows. One night, when Tom and Jen are asleep, Brownie and Jet sneak out of the barn. They use their magic to fly over the fields and the woods. They have fun and see many things. They come back before dawn and pretend to be normal cows. Tom and Jen do not notice anything. They love their cows and their cows love them. But sometimes, they wonder why their cows have sparkles in their eyes and feathers in their fur.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved going to the market with her mommy. They would buy fruits and vegetables, and sometimes even toys. One day, Lily saw a boy who was selling toys. His toys were very messy and scattered all over the place. Lily wondered why he didnt tidy them up. She asked him if he needed help, and together they tidied up the toys. The boy was very happy and thanked Lily. Lily learned that its important to help others and keep things tidy. From that day on, she always made sure to tidy up her toys and help others whenever she could.Once there was a family who wanted to celebrate. They gathered around the grill and started to prepare the food. The dad was excited and the mom was happy. But when the little girl saw the grill, she was frightened. The dad saw the little girl and said, Dont be scared! There is nothing to be afraid of. He showed her the grill and explained how it worked. The little girl watched and soon she wasnt frightened anymore. The family cooked the food and enjoyed the feast. They celebrated with a lot of laughter and fun. They ate the food and shared stories. At the end of the night, they were all very happy. They had the best celebration ever!Once upon a time, a little girl was walking by a garden and saw a vase. It was very pretty with flowers on it. She wanted to pick it up, but her mom said she shouldnt. So, she asked her mom what she should do. Her mom told her that God wants us to be good and provide for others. She said the vase should stay in the garden to help the flowers grow. The little girl thought about it and decided that was a good idea. Every day, she visited the garden and watered the flowers around the vase, so they could stay healthy and pretty. She was so happy to help her mom and God provide for others. The moral of the story is that its important to help and serve others. Being good and providing for those around us will make us and them happy.Sara and Tom were playing in the park. They had a toy gun that could shoot water. They liked to shoot each other and laugh. Tom, I will shoot you! Sara said. She ran after him with the gun. No, Sara, dont shoot me! Tom said. He ran away from her. He hid behind a tree. Sara looked for Tom. She saw his feet under the tree. She smiled. She aimed the gun at his feet and shot. Ah, Sara, you got me! Tom said. He came out from the tree. He was wet. They heard a loud noise. They looked up. They saw an enormous plane in the sky. It was flying very low. It had a big star on it. Wow, look at that plane! Sara said. She pointed at it. Its so big! Tom said. He stared at it. The plane flew over them. It made a loud sound. It dropped something from its belly. It looked like a big ball. What is that? Sara asked. She was curious. I dont know, Tom said. He was scared. The ball fell to the ground. It made a big boom. It was a bomb. It exploded. It made fire and smoke. It hurt many people and things. Sara and Tom were very lucky. They were far from the bomb. They did not get hurt. But they were very sad. They saw the fire and smoke. They saw the people and things that were hurt. They dropped the toy gun. They did not want to shoot anymore. They hugged each other. They cried.Once upon a time, there was an old crab. He was ancient and wise. One day, he was walking along the beach when he met a little girl. She said, Hello, Mr. Crab! Can I play with you? The crab smiled. Yes, that would be nice. The girl grabbed a shovel and soon, the crab and the girl were playing happily in the sand. After a while, the crab said, Thank you for the fun, but now I must go. The little girl said, Wait! Can I pay you with a hug? The ancient crab smiled. Yes, that would be nice. The little girl hugged the crab tightly, and the crab felt happy. Then, the crab waved goodbye and walked away.Once upon a time, there was a little bird and it was just learning to fly. One day it was close to a river and decided to splash in the water. The bird was so happy as it splashed and it felt good. But then suddenly, a big fish came out of the water and gave the little bird a reward! It was a piece of light fruit that sparkled in the sun. The bird was very excited and ate the piece of light fruit straight away. It was so delicious and the bird was so thankful for the reward. After that, it splashed and played in the river for the rest of the day. It was so much fun and the little bird was very happy that it got the light reward from the fish.Jim was very intelligent. He loved to play the guitar. He was very good at it, but he had a tendency to forget to practice. Today was no exception. Jim had forgotten to practice and his father was not happy. He said to Jim, You must practice or I will punish you! Jim was so scared, he ran away quickly with his guitar. He ran to his neighbours house and started to play his guitar. He was so smart and made beautiful music. Jims neighbour heard the music and was impressed. He said to Jim, You must practice every day or else you wont get better! Jim liked what his kind neighbour said and promised to practice every day. He knew that he needed to do this or he would be punished.One day, Jimmy went out to play in the park. He was so excited but he started to worry. What if he didnt find a friend to play with? Then, he heard a happy tune coming from a nearby bush. It was a little bird, whistling away! Jimmy was not worried anymore, he wanted to learn the song and whistle it himself. He got closer and wanted to make friends. The little bird was scared and flew away. Jimmy kept listening and tried to learn the tune by ear. He kept trying and soon he was whistling the same tune as the little bird. The bird came back and was amazed at Jimmys whistling. They got to talking and the bird told Jimmy his name was Tweety. They were soon playing hide and seek. Jimmy felt happy, he wasnt worried anymore. They played until it started to get dark. Jimmy didnt want Tweety to fly away so he gave him a cheap whistle as a goodbye gift. Tweety said goodbye and flew away. Jimmy was happy, Tweety was his new friend. From that day on, he never worried again.Once upon a time, there was a little squirrel named Nutty. Nutty loved to gather nuts to eat. One day, Nutty found a big nut, but it was stuck in a tree. Nutty tried and tried, but couldnt get the nut out. Nutty started to scream for help. A kind bird named Tweetie heard Nuttys screams and flew over to help. Tweetie calmly flew up to the tree and gently knocked the nut loose. Nutty was so happy and grateful that he shared his nuts with Tweetie. From that day on, Nutty and Tweetie were the best of friends. They would gather nuts together and have fun playing in the trees. Whenever Nutty needed help, he knew he could scream for Tweetie and she would come to his rescue.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim loved playing with his toy cars and trucks. One day, Tims friend Ben came over to play. Ben brought a new toy with him. It was a toy gun, but Tim didnt like it because it looked like a weapon. Lets play a game, said Ben. We can set up a race track for our cars and see who wins. Tim liked that idea, so they set up the race track. But when they finished, Ben took out his toy gun and started playing with it. Tim felt scared and guilty for playing with something that looked like a weapon. I dont like that toy, Tim said to Ben. It makes me feel scared. Im sorry, Tim, said Ben. I didnt mean to make you feel scared. Lets put it away and play with our cars instead. Tim felt better and they continued playing with their cars. They had so much fun that they forgot all about the toy gun. From that day on, Tim and Ben played with their cars and trucks and never touched a weapon again.One day, Tom was walking through the woods. He saw a patch of soil that looked a bit different from the rest of the ground. He stopped and looked at it and noticed it was a darker color. He wondered why it was darker than the rest. Suddenly, he started to worry. What was wrong with the soil? Was it normal, or was something wrong? Tom started to think and he decided to get closer to the soil. He bent over and felt the soil with his hand. It felt a bit wet, so he scooped up a bit of the soil. He held it in his hands and realized it was normal dirt. He was relieved! Tom smiled and continued walking away. He was no longer worried about the soil. He knew it was simply a normal patch of dirt, and nothing was wrong with it. He was happy, and went on his way.Once upon a time, there was a little square. The square had four tight sides. It lived in a big box with many other shapes. One day, the square saw a big ball join the box. The ball was very round and could roll fast. The square wanted to play with the ball but it couldnt roll like the ball. The square thought and thought about how it could join the ball. It tried to roll, but its tight sides made it hard. Then, the square had a great idea. It saw a big hill outside the box. The square knew that if it could get to the top of the hill, it could slide down and join the ball. The square climbed up the big hill with all its might. At the top, it looked down and saw the ball waiting at the bottom. The square took a deep breath and slid down the hill as fast as it could. As it slid, it went faster and faster. At the bottom, the square finally joined the ball. They laughed and played together all day long. The square was very happy that it found a way to join its new friend, the ball.Lily and Tom were playing with paper. They cut and folded the paper to make animals and hats. They had fun and laughed a lot. But then Mom came and said, Its time to go, kids. We have to visit Grandma today. Lily and Tom did not want to go. They wanted to play more. Can we delay, Mom? Lily asked. Just a little bit? No, we cant, Mom said. Grandma is waiting for us. She made a cake for us. We have to be nice and not rude. But we are not rude, Mom, Tom said. We just like paper. Paper is fun. Mom sighed. She knew they liked paper, but they had to learn to respect other peoples time. She said, I know, paper is fun. But you can play with paper later. Now, put on your shoes and coats and get in the car. We have to go. Lily and Tom were sad. They did not want to leave their paper. But they did what Mom said. They put on their shoes and coats and got in the car. They hoped Grandma would let them play with paper too.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy was very hungry and wanted to go to his favorite place to eat, which was the pizza place. He asked his mom if they could go there for dinner. Mom said, Sure, Timmy. But we have to go to the store first to get some groceries. Timmy said, Okay, Mom. But can we go to the pizza place after? Mom replied, Yes, we can. But you have to finish your vegetables first. Timmy realized that he didnt like vegetables, but he wanted to go to the pizza place more than anything. So, he decided to eat all of his vegetables quickly so that they could go to the pizza place. And after they finished shopping, they went to the pizza place and Timmy was very happy.Sara was very happy. She had a big lollipop in her hand. It was red and sweet and sticky. She licked it and smiled. She wanted to show it to her friend Ben. She ran to the park, where Ben was playing with his ball. She waved at him and called his name. Ben, Ben, look at my lollipop! It is so yummy! Ben looked at her and frowned. He did not have a lollipop. He only had his ball. He wanted a lollipop too. He walked to Sara and said, Where did you get your lollipop? Can I have some? Sara shook her head. No, you cannot have some. This is my lollipop. I own it. Mommy gave it to me. She said it was a special treat for being good. Ben felt sad and angry. He did not like Saras answer. He wanted to be good too. He wanted a special treat too. He had an idea. He said, Look, Sara, what is that over there? Sara turned her head and saw something unknown. It was big and shiny and made a loud noise. She was curious and scared. She said, What is that, Ben? Is it a monster? Ben said, I dont know, Sara. Maybe it is. Maybe it will eat us. We should run away. Sara nodded and dropped her lollipop. She ran away with Ben, holding his hand. She forgot about her lollipop. But Ben did not forget. He quickly picked up Saras lollipop and put it in his mouth. He smiled and said, Mmm, this is a yummy lollipop. Now I own it. Thank you, Sara.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Jane. She loved to play in the sun every day. One day she saw a mail truck driving by and she waved her hand. The mail truck driver smiled back and waved. Jane felt so happy. After that, Jane went to the park to play. She had so much fun playing on the swings and the slide. While she was playing she heard someone talking with a loud, rude voice. Jane looked over and saw a little boy jumping on the ground. Jane thought the little boy was being very rude, so she went over to him and said, Hey, why are you being so rude? Can we play together? The boy smiled and said, Sure, lets play tag! And so, Jane and the boy played tag for the rest of the day. They both laughed and had lots of fun. When it was time to go, they waved goodbye and promised to play again soon. The next day when the mail truck drove by, Jane and the boy waved at the driver together. They both had a big smile on their faces!Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play golf with his daddy. They would go to the golf course every weekend and hit the ball with their clubs. One day, Timmy found a dirty ball in the bushes. He showed it to his daddy and they decided to decorate it with some paint. They painted the ball with lots of colors and put some sparkles on it. Timmy was very happy with the ball and he showed it to all his friends. They thought it was very pretty. Timmy and his daddy went back to the golf course and used the decorated ball to play. They had so much fun! After they finished playing, they went home and Timmy put the ball on his shelf. He was very proud of it. From that day on, Timmy and his daddy always looked for old balls to decorate and play with. They had lots of fun and made many new friends at the golf course. The end.Tim had a yellow pipe that he liked very much. He liked to blow bubbles with it and make funny noises. He took his pipe everywhere he went, even to bed. One day, Tim went to the park with his mom and his pipe. He saw a big pond with ducks and fish. He wanted to see them closer, so he ran to the edge of the pond. He put his pipe in his mouth and leaned over the water. But he leaned too far and fell into the pond. He was scared and wet and cold. He tried to call for his mom, but his pipe was still in his mouth. He could not breathe. He swallowed water and bubbles. His mom saw him and ran to the pond. She jumped in and grabbed him. She pulled him out and hugged him. She was angry and sad. She took his pipe and threw it away. She said, No more pipe for you, Tim. It is dangerous. You could have died. Tim cried and cried. He wanted his pipe back. He loved his pipe. He hated the pond and the ducks and the fish. He wished he never went to the park. He wished he stayed at home with his pipe. He was very unhappy.Max wanted to go for a walk outside. He grabbed his hat and put it on. Max opened the door and peaked outside. He saw a big tiger in the garden. Max was so excited. He ran out to get a closer look. He smiled and waved at the tiger. The tiger just looked at him. Max thought it was boring watching the tiger, so he decided to play a game. He crept up slowly and tried to sneak past the tiger. It was lots of fun playing with the tiger! Max was so happy. He ran back in doors smiling. What a fun day!Once upon a time there was a little girl named Mary. Mary was very fancy. She had a pretty dress and fancy shoes. On one hot day, Mary was playing in her backyard. Suddenly, she saw a mosquito. Mary stopped playing and began to stare. At first, she was scared of the tiny insect. But then, she realized the mosquito wasnt trying to hurt her. Mary watched the mosquito fly around her garden. She decided to follow it around, watching it carefully. After a while, Mary became quite impressed with the fancy moves the mosquito was making. She was amazed by the way it could fly so quickly and gracefully around her flowers and trees. Mary and the mosquito kept playing together until it was time to go inside. Mary went in with a big smile on her face, proud of the time spent with her new fancy friend.Once upon a time there was a smart little girl called Daisy. Daisy was very alert and was always looking around and trying to learn new things. One day, Daisy was looking in the kitchen and she spotted a big jar full of lollipops. She wanted to try one, so she asked her mom, Can I have a lollipop?. Her mom smiled and said,Yes Daisy, you can have a lollipop, but you will need to ask nicely. So Daisy crossed her hands and said politely, Can I please have a lollipop?. This time her mom nodded and said, Yes of course, you can have one. Just be careful not to eat too many! Daisy was very happy and raced over to the jar to get a lollipop. She grabbed one and ran off to enjoy it. The end.Once upon a time there was a dark goat. It lived in a forest far away. One night, the dark goat went to sleep on a big, green hill. Suddenly, a wolf came out of the shadows. He had a big sack in his mouth. The wolf growled and opened the sack. He wanted to put the dark goat in the sack. The dark goat was so scared! He ran away as fast as he could. The wolf chased the dark goat, but the dark goat was too fast. The dark goat ran until he reached his home. The sack was far behind. The dark goat was happy and safe!Billy had a pick. He wanted to bow with it, like his brother and his dad. But Billy was impatient, so he couldnt wait for them to show him how. He tried to bow the pick, but he couldnt make it work. Then his dad said, Billy, you need to try a different way. So Billy tried again. He used two hands this time and bowed the pick. It made a beautiful sound and Billy smiled. His brother clapped and his dad said, That was fantastic, Billy. Billy was proud of himself and hugged his dad. Since that day, Billy always bows his pick. He is not impatient anymore, he knows just what to do. He often plays with his brother and dad, making music together. It is a happy time, and they all like it very much.Once there was a boy named Joe who wanted to buy some gum. He went to the store with his mom. When he reached the store he was so excited, he wanted to try all kinds of flavors. Mom said, âœJoe, this is not a plan. You need to be careful and only buy one!â Joe was fearful because he had never bought gum before. âœOkay, momâ, he said nervously. He slowly looked at all the flavors and eventually chose his favorite one. He went to the counter to pay for the gum and the cashier asked, âœIs this your plan, Joe?â Joe replied, âœYes, this is my plan.â The moral of the story is sometimes its best to stick to your plan. Joe was smart to listen to his mom and it was a good plan to only buy one type of gum. This made him feel better and much less fearful.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy liked to do things with his hands. He liked to play with toys and climb trees. One day, he found a palm tree in his backyard. The palm tree had big green leaves that swayed in the wind. Timmy thought it looked harmless, so he decided to climb it. As he climbed higher and higher, he noticed something strange. There was a little birds nest in the palm tree. Inside the nest were three tiny eggs. Timmy knew he had to be careful not to harm the eggs, so he climbed back down. He decided to watch the nest from afar and make sure the eggs were safe. Days went by and Timmy watched the little bird family grow. He saw the mother bird bring food to her babies and watched as they learned to fly. Timmy was happy he didnt harm the eggs and was proud of himself for being a good helper to the little bird family. From that day on, he always made sure to be careful around the palm tree and the animals that lived in his backyard.Once upon a time, there was a little dog named Spot. He was very confused. He saw a board in the water. The board was floating away. Spot wanted to help. Spot jumped into the water. He swam to the board. He pushed the board back to the land. Spot rescued the board. He was happy. Spots friend, Kitty, saw what he did. She was proud of him. They played with the board together. They had lots of fun. And that is the end of the story.Once upon a time, there was an important seed. The seed knew it was important, but it didnt know why. Every day, the seed would look around and wonder why it was so special. One day, an answer came. The seed heard a voice in the wind telling it that it must fit in the soil. The seed was scared, because it had never been to the soil before. But the voice was gentle and said that it would be ok. The seed now understood why it was important it was meant to help the soil become more and more healthy. So the seed listened, and fit itself into the soil. After a few days, the seed started to grow. It grew bigger and bigger until the roots became strong and the leaves were thick and green! The soil had become healthier because the seed fit in. The seed was proud to be important, because it showed that it could help and make a difference. The seed knew that no matter what, it could always fit in somewhere.Once upon a time, there was a smart dog called Fluffy. Fluffy had a beautiful tail that could wag like a flag in the wind. Fluffy lived in a small village in the country, and he loved to explore. One day, Fluffy saw a lake and decided to swim in it. He ran forward and jumped in, but as soon as he did, it started to snow and the lake began to freeze. Fluffy realized he was in trouble and he started to bark. Luckily, he was heard by a kind farmer, who quickly ran to the lake and saw Fluffy stuck in the frozen water. The farmer quickly grabbed a big orange net and used it to pull Fluffy out of the icy lake. When everybody saw that Fluffy was safe, they all cheered for the brave dog and his smart tail. Fluffy was so relieved and happy that rested his tail for the rest of day, safe and sound.Timmy was so excited to go to the park. He had a picnic lunch packed in his bag and was wearing his favourite shorts. When he arrived at the park, he saw something unusual. Through the faucet, water was coming out and it was shooting into the air wildly! Timmy had never seen anything like it before. He started to laugh and run around the faucet, letting the water spray all over him. His mom, seeing this, laughed and said, âœWhat an unusual surprise!â She reached into her bag and pulled out a bright red umbrella. She opened it and twirled it around with Timmy, so the water sprayed them both. The water show was so much fun. Timmy and his mom kept playing and laughing until the water began to slow down and eventually stopped altogether. Timmy thanked his mom for the best park trip ever, and they hugged before heading home.Once upon a time, there was a boy. He was only three years old. One day, the boy went to the park. He was so excited! At the park, the boy saw swings and slides. He also saw a big, dark tree. He wanted to explore. The boy walked to the tree and opened the door. When he opened it, he saw lots of animals! They were squirrels and birds and bunnies. The boy was so happy. The boy played with the animals all day. He watched them climb the trees and race around. When the day was over, the boy opened the door and went home, back to his own special park.Once upon a time, in a land full of yellow, there lived a big lion who loved to roar. One day, the lion met a small mouse. The mouse was scared of the lions big roar. The lion said, Dont be scared, little mouse. I wont hurt you. The lion saw that the mouse was eating a potato. The lion had never seen a potato before. What is that? the lion asked. The mouse said, This is a potato. It is very yummy. Would you like to try it? The lion nodded and took a small bite. He liked it a lot! Later, the lion got caught in a big net. He roared and roared, but he could not get out. The little mouse heard the lions roars and remembered how the lion had been nice to him. The mouse ran to the lion and used his sharp teeth to cut the net. The lion was free! The lion thanked the mouse and said, You are small, but you are very brave. I am glad we are friends. The mouse smiled and said, We are friends because you were kind to me. And from that day on, the lion and the mouse were best friends, and they always helped each other. The moral of the story is to be kind to everyone, no matter how big or small they are.Once upon a time there was a bear named Glad. He was always so full of excitement each day. He wanted to explore the world around him. One morning, Glad went outside to play. He saw a big, bright tree with lots of leaves everywhere. He noticed that the leaves had a pretty pattern all over them. He wanted to display it to everyone around him. Glad decides to show his family how beautiful the leaves were. When he told them what he saw, his family was so glad. They ran outside and were amazed to see the beautiful patterns all over the tree. They all enjoyed looking at the leaves together. It was a pretty pattern that made everyone feel so glad. Shortly after, it began to rain, so they all quickly ran back inside. But Glad had found something magical that day. He had seen a display of patterns that made everyone around him glad.Once upon a time, there was a wise old owl who lived in a big tree. One day, a little bird came to visit him. Hello, Mr. Owl, said the little bird. I need your help. My nest is too high up in the tree and I cant reach it. The wise owl thought for a moment and then said, I know just the thing. Well use a crane to lift you up to your nest. The little bird was very excited and said, Thank you, Mr. Owl! Youre so wise! They went to find a crane and soon the little bird was safely back in her nest. Wow, this is amazing! she said. Thank you so much, Mr. Owl. Youre the best! But the wise owl warned her, Be careful not to spoil your nest too much. Remember, sometimes its better to keep things simple. The little bird nodded her head and promised to be careful. And they both lived happily ever after.Tom and Lily were playing near the pond. They liked to look at the fish and the ducks. They had some cheap bread to feed them. Look, Lily, a big fish! Tom said, pointing at the water. Wow, can we catch it? Lily asked. No, we cant. Its not nice to catch the fish. They live in the pond and they are happy there, Tom said. But I want to catch it. It looks fun. And I want to see it up close, Lily said. She took a stick and tried to poke the fish. Stop it, Lily! You are scaring the fish. And you might fall in the pond. Its deep and cold and dirty, Tom said. I dont care. I want the fish. You are mean and boring, Lily said. She did not answer Tom. She kept poking the fish with the stick. Tom was angry and sad. He did not like to fight with Lily. He wanted to play with her and have fun. He tried to take the stick from her. Give me the stick, Lily. You are being bad. The fish will bite you, Tom said. No, its my stick. Go away, Tom. You are not my friend, Lily said. She pulled the stick and pushed Tom. Tom fell on the ground. He hurt his knee and his elbow. He started to cry. Lily saw Tom crying. She felt sorry for him. She dropped the stick and ran to him. Im sorry, Tom. I didnt mean to hurt you. Are you okay? Lily asked. Tom looked at Lily. He saw that she was sorry. He stopped crying. Im okay, Lily. Its just a scratch. Im sorry too. I was mean and boring, Tom said. They hugged each other. They were friends again. They picked up the bread and fed the fish and the ducks. They smiled and laughed. They had fun near the pond.It was winter and the house was cold. Mama and Papa were sitting on the couch looking sad. Whats wrong? asked the three year old boy. We cant afford to buy a new rug for the house, answered Mama. The little boy looked down at the cold floor and frowned. Then he looked around at all the other warm things in the house. He noticed the cozy couch, the colorful blanket and the bright fire in the fireplace. He smiled and said, Dont worry Mama and Papa, Ill watch the rug! The parents smiled and said, Thank you. They were so grateful for their sons help. The little boy looked around at all the warm things in the house one more time. Then he went and sat on the cold floor and watched the rug with a big smile on his face.Once there was a lily. It was a very rare lily and it was very special. The lily lived in a garden and was very happy. Every day the lily would bloom and shine brightly in the garden. Then one night, something magical happened. The lily became even more special. Its petals began to sparkle and its color changed to an even rarer shade. The lily was so excited! The next day, the lilys friends in the garden were amazed by its transformation. They gathered around the lily to admire its new beauty. The lily was so happy to be admired. It stayed that way in the garden for many days, feeling special and loved. The lily became a symbol of beauty in the garden, and everyone who visited was enchanted by its rare beauty. The lily found happiness in its garden home, admired by all its friends.Once upon a time, there was a young lamb called Daisy. She was very playful and loved to explore the world around her. Every day, Daisy used to load up her sack with interesting things she found on her adventures. One day, Daisy found something special. It was a charming little youth with fluffy white feather wings. She wondered if it could fly, and decided to load it up in her sack and find out. So Daisy took to the sky with her new friend. The youth flew and soared through the clouds with a playful energy. Daisy and her new friend had a wonderful time, flying around together and playing in the wind. When it was time to go, Daisy loaded the youth back into her sack and said goodbye. She waved as the youth flew away. Daisy was ever so happy, and she took her sack of new things and flew happily home.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his toy cars and trucks all day long. One day, Timmys mommy told him that he needed to study for his big test at school. Timmy didnt want to study, he just wanted to play with his toys. As Timmy was playing with his cars, he noticed a police car driving by. The police car was very smooth and shiny. Timmy thought it was the coolest thing he had ever seen. He ran outside to get a closer look at the cop car. The police officer saw Timmy and stopped to say hello. Hi there little buddy, what are you doing? asked the cop. Im looking at your smooth car, its so cool! Timmy replied. The cop smiled and said, Thanks, I have to go now. Be good and study hard for your test! But Timmy didnt listen to the cop. He went back inside to play with his toys instead of studying. The next day at school, Timmy failed his test. He was very sad and wished he had listened to the cop. From that day on, Timmy promised to always study and listen to the wise words of the police officer.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside and always wore her buckle shoes. One day, Lily went to the park and met a boy named Timmy. Timmy asked if he could play with her and she said yes. They played on the swings and the slide for a long time. But then Timmy said, I have to go home now. Lily said, Okay, bye! But then she noticed that Timmy had taken her favorite toy car. She asked him about it, but he lied and said he didnt take it. Lily was very sad and went home without her toy car. She told her mom what happened and her mom said, Im sorry, Lily. Sometimes people do bad things. Lily felt better knowing that her mom was sorry, but she still missed her toy car. She learned that sometimes people lie and do bad things, but its important to tell the truth and be kind to others.Once upon a morning, there was a girl named Sally. Sally was feeling very sour, so she decided to go on an adventure. She went to the beach and found a very big sack. Her face lit up and she ran over to pick it up. Sally opened the sack and found a big surprise sweets! She was so excited she couldnt believe it. Sally started grabbing handfuls of the sweet treats and put them in her pockets. Sally was so happy that she had found the sack that she started running back to her house. When she got home, she pulled out her pockets full of the sweets and shared them with her mom and dad. Sally was so happy. She had never had such a sour morning turn into such a sweet end!Ben and Lily were playing in the garden. They saw a big red apple on a tree. They wanted to eat it because it looked yummy. Lets get the apple! Ben said. He tried to climb the tree, but it was too high. He fell down and hurt his knee. Ow! he cried. It hurts! Lily hugged him and said, Dont cry, Ben. I have an idea. We can use a trap to get the apple. She ran to the shed and found a big basket and a long rope. She put the basket under the apple and tied the rope to the handle. She hid behind a bush and waited. Soon, a squirrel came to the tree. It saw the apple and jumped on the basket. The basket tipped over and the squirrel was inside. Lily pulled the rope and closed the trap. Ha! We got it! Lily shouted. She ran to the basket and opened it. The squirrel was scared and angry. It bit Lilys finger and ran away. Ow! she cried. It bites! Ben came to her and said, Dont cry, Lily. I have an idea. We can use a squeeze to make it better. He took a leaf and squeezed it. He put the juice on Lilys finger and wrapped it with another leaf. He kissed her finger and said, There. It will heal soon. Lily smiled and said, Thank you, Ben. You are very kind. They looked at the apple and saw that it was still on the tree. They decided to leave it alone and go back to the house. Maybe we can have some cookies instead, Ben said. They are yummy too. Lily nodded and said, Yes, lets go. And maybe we can play with something else. Traps and squeezes are not fun. They held hands and walked to the house. They were happy and hungry. They forgot about the apple and the squirrel.Once upon a time, there was a red board. It was very pretty and shiny. A little boy liked to play with it. He would hang it on his wall and look at it all day. One day, the little boy was playing with the red board and he accidentally broke it. He was very sad. He tried to fix it, but he couldnt. The little boys mom saw what happened and she was angry. She told him that he shouldnt have played with the red board so roughly. The little boy felt very bad. In the end, the red board was broken and the little boy was sad. He learned that he should be careful with his toys so they dont break.Once upon a time there was a family who loved to eat. They always had lots of food. One day, the mom brought home a special treat it was wine. She said it was for the adults only. But the little girl was curious. She wanted to try it. So one day, when no one was looking, she took a sip. It was yummy! She spread the word to her brothers and they all wanted some, too. But the mom and dad said no. They said it was dangerous. The little girl thought it was not fair but everyone listened. The end.Once upon a time there was a big truck. It wanted to deliver some big boxes. But it had a problem, it was feeling very dizzy. It felt like it couldnt see straight. All of its lights were spinning around and around. Suddenly, a friendly eye appeared. The eye looked at the truck very carefully. It asked what was wrong. The truck told the eye about its dizziness. The eye said that it knew just the thing. It said that it could help get the truck to its destination. The eye went to work, spinning around with the truck. Gradually, the trucks dizziness went away. Finally the truck was able to make its delivery. It beamed with pride. The eye was happy too, it had helped the truck and made a new friend.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a friend named Max who was very tall. One day, Lily and Max decided to climb a high tree in the park. When they got to the top, they saw that they were very thirsty. Luckily, Lily had brought a water bottle to supply them with water. They drank the water and felt much better. From that day on, they always brought a water bottle with them when they climbed the high tree. They were happy to have each other as friends and to always be prepared with a supply of water.Molly was feeling very thirsty. She had been playing with her toys all day and was ready for a drink. Molly went to the kitchen and opened the cupboard. Inside was a big bag of juice. She smiled and took it out. Molly grabbed a cup from the top shelf and poured some juice into it. She lifted the cup to her lips and took a big drink. It was so delicious! After she finished, Molly tipped the last bit of juice into the cup. But some of it spilled onto the counter and made a big messy puddle. Oh no! Molly quickly cleaned up the mess with a cloth and put the bag of juice away. She looked around, satisfied that everything was clean. Now she could go back to playing with her toys.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Mina. She was three years old and loved to play tag with her friends. One day Mina wanted to show one of her friends, who she called Jimmy, something new. She ran to the closet and came back with a folder. Inside was a picture of Minas mommy and whom she said was her daddy. Mina said to Jimmy, See! They are gonna marry! But Jimmy was confused. He asked, What does marry mean? Mina explained, When two people love each other very much, they get married and share their love forever. Jimmy was so happy for Mina, but looking at the picture made him feel a little hurt. He wished his own parents could be together and share the same kind of love. Mina saw Jimmys hurt expression and smiled at her friend, then said, Dont worry Jimmy, maybe you will get married one day too!Mama and baby bear were out on a search. Mama bear was carrying a large basket in her hands. Suddenly, she saw the most yummy honey in the beehive. She could not believe her eyes the honey was so delicious! Mama bear was filled with excitement. She looked at baby bear, who was still standing beside her, and exclaimed, Look, baby bear! Weâve found the most yummy honey! We will have a feast tonight, I promise! Baby bear smiled and danced around. His little tummy was already rumbling with anticipation. Mama bear carefully collected the honey with her basket and started for home. As soon as she got home, she got to work, preparing a sweet treat for them with the yummy honey. They both sat down to enjoy their treat. Then, with satisfaction, Mama bear said, We have been supplied with the most yummy honey ever! Baby bear smiled, content and happy.Johnny was at the beach with his parents. He saw some dolphins swimming in the ocean. He wanted to touch them, but his dad told him not to. Johnny said, I miss dolphins. His mom replied, Thats ok, Johnny. We can come back again soon. Suddenly, a filthy dolphin came up to Johnny. It was sick and it had some strange bumps on it. Johnny smiled and said, Hi, dolphin. The dolphin looked up at Johnny. Then it slowly swam away. Johnny watched it go. He said, Bye, dolphin. I miss you. His parents smiled at each other and hugged Johnny. Then they all went home.Once upon a time, there was a fair noise coming from a big field. The noise was so loud that it could be heard from very far away. Every day, many people gathered in the field to enjoy the pleasing sound. One day, a man came to the field with a big saw. He cut down one of the trees that was making the noise. When the tree fell, the noise stopped. Everyone was sad and angry, but the man said he had to do it for a good reason. The days and weeks went by, and the noise didnât come back. Eventually, the people in the field realized what the man had done he had cut down all the trees that made the fair noise. He had ruined the beautiful sound forever, and they felt very sad.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to help her mommy in the kitchen. One day, her mommy asked her to help make a special treat for their neighbor who was very sick. They decided to make a basket of cookies and wrap it up with a pretty bow. Lily helped her mommy mix the dough and shape the cookies. They baked them in the oven and let them cool. Then, they put them in a basket and wrapped it with a pretty pink ribbon. They walked over to their neighbors house and gave her the basket of cookies. She was very happy and thanked them for their kindness. A few days later, there was a knock on Lilys door. It was the neighbors daughter who was very wealthy. She thanked Lily and her mommy for the basket of cookies and gave them a big bag of money as a thank you. Lily and her mommy were very surprised and happy. They learned that sometimes when you do something nice for others, good things can happen to you too.Lily and Tom are brother and sister. They like to play in the garden with their ball and their dog. One day, their mom calls them from the kitchen. Lily, Tom, come inside! The beef is ready! she says. Lily and Tom hear their mom and run to the door. But their dog sees a cat and chases it. The dog barks and the cat hisses. Lily and Tom want to see what happens. They forget about the beef and follow their dog. Their mom waits for them in the kitchen. She has cooked a big beef roast with potatoes and carrots. She is hungry and wants to eat with her children. She looks at the clock and wonders where they are. She calls them again. Lily, Tom, where are you? The beef is getting cold! Lily and Tom hear their mom again. They see that their dog has caught the cat and is playing with it. They think it is funny and laugh. They do not listen to their mom and stay in the garden. Their mom gets angry and sad. She decides to eat the beef by herself. She cuts a big slice and puts it on her plate. She takes a bite and says, Mmm, this is delicious. Too bad Lily and Tom are missing it. Lily and Tom smell the beef from the garden. They remember that they are hungry and want to eat too. They leave their dog and the cat and run to the kitchen. They see their mom eating the beef. They say, Mom, we are here! Can we have some beef too? Their mom looks at them and shakes her head. She says, No, you cannot. You did not listen to me when I called you. You did not come when the beef was ready. Now the beef is gone. You have to wait until the next meal. Lily and Tom feel sorry and ashamed. They realize that they were rude and selfish. They say, Mom, we are sorry. We should have listened to you. We should have come when you called us. We love you and your beef. Their mom smiles and hugs them. She says, I love you too, my children. But you have to learn to obey and respect me. And you have to appreciate what I cook for you. Maybe next time you will come when the beef is ready. Lily and Tom nod and promise to do better. They hug their mom and their dog and their cat. They learn their lesson and never miss the beef again. The moral value of the story is Listen to your parents and appreciate what they do for you.Once upon a time, there was a funny little dog named Spot. Spot loved to play and run all day. One day, Spot saw a big hill and wanted to climb it. Spot took a step and started to climb the hill. As he went up, he met a big bird. The bird said, Hi Spot, do you want to play with me? Spot said, Yes, lets play! They played together and had a lot of fun. After a while, Spot felt tired. He sighed and said, I need to go home now. The big bird was sad and didnt want Spot to leave. So, the bird hid Spots toy so he couldnt find it. Spot looked and looked, but he couldnt find his toy anywhere. Spot was very sad and cried. The big bird felt bad and gave Spots toy back. Spot was still sad because he didnt like the big birds mean trick. He walked back down the hill and went home without saying goodbye to the big bird.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She was very restless and couldnt sleep at night. One night, she went to the fridge to get a snack. But she saw something strange. The fridge was dressed up in a funny costume! Lily was surprised and asked the fridge, Why are you dressed up like that? The fridge replied, I am going to a party tonight. Do you want to come with me? Lily was excited and said, Yes, please! She quickly got dressed and they went to the party together. They had so much fun dancing and eating yummy food. When it was time to go home, Lily said, Thank you for taking me to the party, fridge. You are the best friend ever! From that night on, Lily was never restless again. She knew that she had a special friend in the fridge who would always be there for her.Tommy was walking down the street. It was a sunny day and he was feeling happy. He was pointing at all the things he saw the birds, the trees, and the buildings. He saw a little puppy standing all alone. It looked very helpless and Tommy wanted to help. He pointed to the puppy and wanted to bring it home. But suddenly, a man appeared. He was coming from around the corner. The man scooped up the puppy and started walking away. Tommy felt helpless and he started to cry. He wanted to help the puppy but he didnt know what to do. Suddenly, another man appeared. He was very big and strong. He walked over to Tommy and asked him what was wrong. Tommy told him the story and the man smiled. He said he knew the puppy was his. He said the puppy was very happy now and he thanked Tommy for being so kind. Tommy smiled and watched as the man and puppy walked away together, happy to be reunited. Tommy felt happy too, happy that he had helped in some way. He reached down, grabbed his bag, and continued on down the street, his heart filled with joy.Once upon a time there were two best friends, called Lucy and Sam. They always liked to do fun things together, especially watching their favorite cartoon. One day Lucy had a very special plan. She put her cartoon in her cart and loaded it up with tasty snacks from the kitchen. Sam was so excited and followed Lucy with a big smile! They went outside and found a big tree to sit under. They formed a cozy nest of blankets and settled down to watch the cartoon. As they munched on the tasty snacks, they laughed and giggled at all the funny parts in the cartoon. After the cartoon finished Lucy and Sam had the best time ever. They cuddled up close and talked about what a lovely day they had. They knew they would always have fun together, no matter what they were doing.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the garden. One day, she found a pebble on the ground. It was so pretty and shiny. She picked it up and showed it to her mom. Look, Mommy! I found a pretty pebble! said Lily. Her mom smiled and said, Thats so nice, Lily. But be careful, dont break it. Lily nodded and put the pebble in her pocket. She played for a while and then went back inside. But when she took the pebble out of her pocket, she saw that it was broken! Oh no! My pretty pebble is broken! cried Lily. Her mom came over and saw what had happened. Oh dear, what happened? I dont know. Maybe I was naughty and broke it, said Lily sadly. Dont worry, Lily. We can find another pretty pebble. But remember, we must be careful and not break it, said her mom. Lily nodded and smiled. She knew she had learned an important lesson.The lady had some paint. She wanted the room to look special, so she got ready. She opened the paint and she put it on the walls. She painted the walls slowly and carefully. The paint was bright and colourful. She was very happy with how it looked. She kept painting until it was finished. When she was done, the room looked beautiful. The lady was pleased and so were all her friends when they saw it. The lady was proud of her work.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play sports. He played soccer, basketball, and baseball. He was very good at all of them. One day, Timmys friend Billy came over to play. Billy said he didnt like sports because he wasnt good at them. Timmy encouraged Billy to try playing with him. Its okay if youre not good at first, Timmy said. I can teach you. Billy decided to give it a try. Timmy was very wise and showed Billy how to play each sport. Billy had so much fun playing with Timmy that he decided he loved sports too. From that day on, they played sports together every day.Once upon a time there was a little girl named June. Every year, Junes family would go on vacation. This year, June was so proud because she was going to drive with her family to the beach. On the way to the beach, June was very excited. She played in the car with her toys. Finally, the family arrived at the beach. June ran out of the car to the sand and the waves. June looked around and saw other families playing. She saw some children building sand castles and some people flying kites. June smiled and felt very happy. Finally, when it was time to go, June hugged her family goodbye. She already couldnt wait until next year to come back and be proud of another fun vacation.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play pretend with her toys. One day, she pretended to be a doctor and her teddy bear was her patient. She gave him a checkup and found out he was sick. Lily was worried about her teddy bear, but she knew it was important to take care of him. She gave him medicine and lots of cuddles. The result was that her teddy bear felt much better! From that day on, Lily knew that pretending to be a doctor was an important job because it helped her teddy bear feel better. She continued to play pretend and help her toys whenever they needed it.Once upon a time, there was a furry friend. He wanted to wander and explore outside. So, one day he went out and had lots and lots of fun. He scurried around, discovering all kinds of new things and his long tail wagged behind him. But then something happened. There were two big doggies that were really loud and one of them knocked over the furry friend! He was so upset! He wanted to go back home, but he didnt know how. He tried to find his way back home, but got lost. He wandered and wandered until he could not wander anymore. Then all of a sudden, he saw a familiar face. It was his mommy! She had been so worried about him and was very, very glad to see him. She hugged him tight and the furry friend was happy to be back home safe and sound. He promised his mommy that he wouldnt wander and get lost again. Now he is back home and playing with his tail.Jane was curious as she looked out the window. It was a rare day, and even the birds were quiet. Jane frowned and then suddenly the earth began to part! Jane was startled and started to cry. Her mom came over and hugged her tightly. Its ok sweetheart, its only an earthquake, she said softly. Jane blubbered and asked, Whats an earthquake? Her mom smiled and said, Its when the earth moves around to make room for more. Janes eyes widened curiously, Like a new home for the birds? Her mom laughed and said, Yes, just like that, and then gave Jane a big hug. She looked out the window and whispered, Earthquakes sure are amazing things.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. He loved to play outside with his friends. One day, something scary happened. Timmy fell off his bike and hit his head. His mom took him to the doctor and they found out he had a big bump on his skull. Timmy was very frightened, but his mom hugged him and told him everything would be okay. After a few days, Timmy felt much better and was back to playing with his friends. From that day on, Timmy always wore a helmet when he rode his bike to make sure nothing scary would happen again.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his toys, but his room was always messy. His mom told him to clean up his toys, but he didnt want to. One day, Timmys mom said she would send his toys to the toy donation center if he didnt clean up his room. Timmy didnt want to lose his toys, so he started to clean up. He put his toys away in an organized way, so he could find them later. As he was cleaning, Timmy accidentally knocked over a vase and it broke on the floor. He was sad, but he knew he had to clean it up. He got a broom and swept up the pieces. His mom was proud of him for being responsible and cleaning up the mess. From that day on, Timmy always kept his room organized and clean.Once upon a time, there was a little dog named Max. Max loved to run and race in the park. One day, Max saw a big bone on the ground. He was so happy and ran to get it, but then he saw a big, scary dog. Max was fearful and didnt want to lose his bone, so he ran away as fast as he could. Max ran and ran until he saw his friend, Lily the cat. Whats wrong, Max? asked Lily. I saw a big, scary dog and I was so fearful, said Max. I didnt want to lose my bone, so I ran away. Dont be afraid, Max, said Lily. Ill help you get your bone back. We can race to the bone and get it before the big dog does. Max was so happy to have Lilys help. They raced to the bone and got it before the big dog could get there. Max was so thankful to have such a good friend like Lily.Once upon a time, there was a big scaredycat. His name was David and he was very frightened of everything. He especially didnt like loud noises. One day, David heard a loud bang from the kitchen. He ran inside and saw that the fridge door was wide open. He was so scared, he started to yell Who is there? Suddenly, he heard a tiny voice from inside the fridge. It was a mouse. The mouse said, It was me! I accidentally opened the fridge door when I was trying to find something to eat! David was so relieved that he started to laugh. He said, Its okay, little mouse. Lets find some food for you. The two of them searched around the kitchen until they found some cheese and the mouse was very happy. David and the little mouse became good friends and they shared food together every day. They both laughed and played and David never felt afraid again.One day, Mum and Dad took their three year old, Jake, to the science museum. They were especially excited to see the microscope, and they couldnt wait to show it to Jake. As they walked up to the impressive microscope, Mum and Dad explained to Jake that he would be able to see things that were too small to see with the naked eye. Jake thought it sounded really exciting, and he wanted to add something to the microscope to see what it could do. Dad smiled and carefully added a tiny leaf to the microscope. Jake leaned in and looked through the microscope, and he was amazed. Wow, he said, its amazing. Mum and Dad smiled at each other. Jake spent the rest of the day looking through the microscope and examining things like drops of water and bits of soil. He was so excited, and everyone was really impressed with his microscope discoveries.Once there was a white spirit. It was a happy spirit and loved by everyone. But then one day, something came and tried to destroy it. The spirit fought with all its strength to stay alive. But it was no use, the thing was too powerful. The spirit turned sad and it started to cry. Everyone around it was sad too. Then, something magical happened. The sky opened up and a big white light came down, filling the area with warmth. The light made a big wall around the spirit and kept the thing away. The thing got angry and flew away. The white light stayed with the spirit. It was now happy and content. Everybody cheered and smiled. The white light was the spirits protector. The spirit would never be destroyed again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Annie. She was a curious three year old. Every night, she would look up to the night sky and make a wish to the stars. One night, while she was looking up in the sky, Annie saw something very special. It was a beautiful comet, making its way across the starry night. Annie had never seen anything like it before. Annie wanted to catch the comet and keep it for herself. She called out to her mom for help. Mommy, how do I fix the comet? Annie asked eagerly. Mommy smiled and replied, That is a difficult task, but I believe in you. Just reach for the comet and make a wish. That should do the trick! Annie was so excited. She made a wish and reached for the comet, and before she knew it, shed caught it. She was so happy shed fixed the comet. Annie thanked her mom, then ran off to show the comet to her friends. The End.Once upon a time, there was a warm and happy family. They made their home in a beautiful meadow full of flowers and grass. One day, the family decided to go for a walk. They all put on their shoes and stepped out of the house. They were so excited to explore the meadow together. When they arrived at the meadow, the family stopped to admire the beautiful view. Suddenly, a rabbit hopped by and the family shouted, Hello! The rabbit heard the familys greeting and stopped to look at them. She smiled and said, Would you like to play with me? The family was delighted. They asked, Can we play? The rabbit nodded and said, Yes, but you must wait until I permit it. The family agreed and waited patiently. Suddenly, the rabbit hopped around in a circle and shouted, Now you may play! The family laughed and jumped into the meadow where they had a wonderful time running, hopping and playing together under the warm autumn sun.Lily was a little girl who liked to look at herself in the mirror. She thought she was very pretty and smart. She liked to wear nice dresses and ribbons in her hair. She did not like to share her toys or play with other children. She only wanted to stay in her room and admire herself in the mirror. One day, her mother made a delicious cake for her birthday. She invited some of Lilys friends to come and celebrate. Lily did not want to go downstairs and join the party. She wanted to stay in her room and eat the cake by herself. She took the cake from the kitchen and ran to her room. She locked the door and put the cake on her bed. She looked at herself in the mirror and smiled. She thought she was the happiest girl in the world. But then, something strange happened. The mirror started to change. It showed Lily a different image of herself. She saw herself as a greedy and lonely girl. She saw herself with no friends and no fun. She saw herself with a big belly and a sad face. She saw herself growing old and ugly. She was scared and confused. She did not like what she saw. She wanted to see her real self again. She ran to the door and tried to open it. But it was stuck. She could not get out. She cried and shouted for help. But no one heard her. Everyone was downstairs, having a good time. They did not miss her. They did not know she was in trouble. Lily realized she had made a big mistake. She wished she had been kind and friendly. She wished she had shared her cake and played with her friends. She wished she had not been so vain and selfish. She wished she had not stayed in her room and looked at the mirror. She learned a hard lesson. She learned that beauty is not everything. She learned that happiness comes from giving and sharing. She learned that staying alone is not good. She learned that staying in the mirror is bad.Once upon a time, there was a delicate ashtray. Every day, the ashtray would sit on the table and smile. But one day, a naughty little girl came into the room and saw it. She became so excited that she couldnt stop herself and she quickly took hold of it. The ashtray was so delicate that it couldnt take the pressure, and it started to tear. The little girl was very sad, and she started to cry. She felt so bad that she had hurt the ashtray. She ran to the kitchen and found some glue and quickly got to work to fix it. After a few minutes of hard work, the ashtray was fixed and looking as good as new. From then on, the little girl was very careful with the delicate ashtray. She made sure to not be too rough with it and also not to leave it in a place where it could get hurt. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. Lily loved to play sports, but her ball was very dull. One day, she went to her friends house to play. Her friend asked her, Why is your ball so dull? Lily replied, I dont know, but I still love to play with it. As they were playing, they heard a noise. Lilys friend said, Lets peek through the window and see what it is. They saw a group of children playing with shiny, new balls. Lilys friend said, Wow, those balls look so cool! I wish we had one. Lily thought for a moment and said, Even though our ball is dull, we still have fun playing with it. We dont need a shiny, new ball to have fun. Her friend smiled and said, Youre right, Lily. Our ball may be dull, but its still a great sport to play. Lets keep playing and have fun together! From that day on, they played with their dull ball and had just as much fun as the other children with their shiny, new balls. The moral of the story is that its not what you have, but how you use it that counts.Once upon a time, there was a big box. The box had many toys inside. It also had a fake button. The button was red and shiny. A little boy named Tim found the box. He was very happy. Tim showed the box to his friend, Sue. Look what I found! he said. Sue looked at the button. What does it do? she asked. I dont know, said Tim. Lets find out! They pressed the button. Nothing happened. They pressed it again. Still nothing. They were sad. They wanted the button to do something fun. But it was a fake button. So, it did not work. Tim and Sue played with the other toys in the box. They had fun for a little while. But they kept thinking about the button. They wished it was real. They wished it could do something amazing. In the end, they put the toys back in the box. They closed the lid. They walked away feeling sad. The fake button had made them feel bad. They wished they had never found the box.Lily was a girl who liked to play with her dolls. She had many dolls, but her favorite was Anna. Anna had long hair, a pink dress and a shiny crown. Lily always took Anna with her wherever she went. One day, Lily went to school with Anna. She wanted to show her doll to her friends. She put Anna in her backpack and waited for the bus. When she got to school, she ran to her room. She saw her teacher, Miss Lee, and said hello. Hello, Lily. What do you have in your backpack? Miss Lee asked. Lily smiled and opened her backpack. She took out Anna and held her up. This is Anna. She is my best friend. She is very pretty and smart. Do you like her? Lily said. Miss Lee looked at Anna and nodded. She said, Yes, she is very pretty and smart. But Lily, you know that today is a special day, right? Lily frowned. She did not know what Miss Lee meant. She said, What special day? Miss Lee said, Today is picture day. We are going to take a picture of our room. Everyone has to wear their ordinary clothes. No costumes, no hats, no crowns. Do you have your ordinary clothes, Lily? Lily felt her face get hot. She realized that she had forgotten to change her clothes. She was still wearing her princess dress and tiara that she had put on at home. She looked around and saw that everyone else was wearing their ordinary clothes. She felt very embarrass. She said, No, I dont have my ordinary clothes. I only have this dress and this tiara. And Anna. Miss Lee saw that Lily was embarrass. She said, Dont worry, Lily. Its okay. You can borrow some ordinary clothes from me. And you can keep Anna with you. She can be in the picture too. Come on, lets go to the closet and find something for you to wear. Lily nodded and followed Miss Lee. She was glad that Miss Lee was nice and did not get mad at her. She hoped that her friends would not laugh at her. She hugged Anna and whispered, Its okay, Anna. We are still princesses. We just have to wear ordinary clothes for a little while.Lila and Sam were best friends. They liked to play with dolls, cars and blocks. They shared their toys and snacks. They had fun every day. One day, Lila brought a lovely new doll to school. It had long hair, a pink dress and shiny shoes. Sam wanted to see it, but Lila said no. She said it was her doll and she did not want to share. Sam felt sad and angry. He tried to grab the doll from Lila, but she pulled it away. They started to fight. Give me the doll! Sam shouted. No, its mine! Lila yelled. They pulled and pushed until the dolls head came off. Lila and Sam stared at the broken doll. Lila burst into tears. She loved her new doll and now it was ruined. She wept and wept. Sam felt sorry for Lila. He did not mean to break her doll. He wanted to say sorry, but he did not know how. Miss Lee, their teacher, heard the noise and came to see what was wrong. She saw Lila crying and Sam looking guilty. She picked up the dolls head and body and put them together. She said it was not a big problem. She said she could fix the doll with some glue and tape. She said Lila and Sam should not fight over toys. She said they should be kind and share. She said they should say sorry to each other and hug. Lila and Sam listened to Miss Lee. They felt ashamed and sorry. They looked at each other and said sorry. They hugged and said they were still friends. Lila offered Sam to play with her doll. Sam thanked Lila and said she was a good friend. They smiled and played with the doll. Miss Lee smiled and said they were lovely children. She gave them a sticker each and a hug. She said she was proud of them. Lila and Sam felt happy and proud. They learned a lesson that day. They learned to share and care.Once upon a time there lived a boy named Joe. Joe was only three years old but he was very brave. Joe had a special bow that made him feel calm. One day, Joe wanted to take his bow outside and show it to his friends. But Joes mom warned him, No Joe, you must not go outside with your bow. But Joe ignored his moms warning and happily went outside with his bow. He called out to all of his friends but none of them came. Joe felt very sad. He sadly walked back home and saw his mom in the garden. Joe expected his mom to be mad at him, but she was not. Instead, she had a big smile on her face. Joes mom said, Dont be bitter Joe. Everyone has days like this. I too was once a little boy and I know how you feel. Im sorry I ignored you earlier. Joe hugged his mom, who wiped away the tears in his eyes. She looked at him and said, Lets go inside and have some ice cream! Joe smiled and felt better. The end.Once upon a time, there was a polite boy named Tim. He liked to play with his toys. One day, Tim found a toy weapon in his room. It was a sword. Tim was very happy. Tim played with his new weapon all day. He pretended to be a brave knight. He fought dragons and monsters. But then, he heard a scream from outside. Tim ran outside to see what was wrong. He saw a little girl who was scared of a big bug. Tim used his toy weapon to scare the bug away. The girl said thank you and they became friends. They played together with the toy sword and had a great day.Anna and Ben are friends. They like to play together at the park. One day, they see a big sign. The sign says Free cake! Come and meet our new puppy! Anna and Ben love cake and puppies. They run to the sign. They see a table with many cakes. They also see a woman with a small dog. Hello, kids! the woman says. Do you want some cake? And do you want to meet our new puppy? His name is Spot. Yes, please! Anna and Ben say. They take some cake and pet the puppy. The puppy is soft and cute. He licks their faces. The woman smiles. She says Im glad you like Spot. He is very friendly. But he is also very hungry. He likes to eat cake, too. So you have to be careful with your cake. He might try to take it from you. Anna and Ben laugh. They think the woman is joking. They eat their cake and play with Spot. They do not see that Spot is looking at their cake. He is waiting for a chance to grab it. Soon, Anna and Ben finish their cake. They thank the woman and say goodbye to Spot. They start to walk away. But then they hear a loud bark. They turn around. They see Spot running after them. He has a big piece of cake in his mouth. He took it from the table when they were not looking. Hey, thats our cake! Anna and Ben shout. They chase Spot. But Spot is faster. He runs away with the cake. He is very happy. Anna and Ben are sad. They lost their cake. They look at the woman. She looks sorry. She says Im sorry, kids. I told you Spot likes cake. He is very sneaky. But dont worry. I have more cake available. Do you want another piece? Anna and Ben nod. They forgive Spot. They take another piece of cake. They eat it quickly. They do not want Spot to take it again. They learn a lesson. They have to watch their cake when there is a hungry puppy around.Sara was a smart girl who liked to knit. She had many balls of wool in different colors. She could make hats, scarves, and mittens for herself and her friends. One day, her friend Tom came to visit. He saw Sara knitting a blue hat. He liked the hat very much. Can I have a hat like that? he asked Sara. Sure, I can make one for you. But I need more blue wool. I only have a little bit left, Sara said. Where can we get more blue wool? Tom asked. Maybe we can ask Mrs. Lee. She has a lot of wool. She lives next door. She is very nice. She likes to knit too, Sara said. Sara and Tom went to Mrs. Lees house. They knocked on the door. Mrs. Lee opened the door and smiled. Hello, Sara and Tom. What can I do for you? she asked. Hello, Mrs. Lee. We are knitting hats. But we need more blue wool. Can you lend us some blue wool, please? Sara asked. Of course, I can lend you some blue wool. Come in, I have plenty of wool. You can choose any color you like, Mrs. Lee said. She led them to her living room, where she had a big basket of wool. Sara and Tom thanked her and picked some blue wool. They also saw some other colors they liked. Can we have some red wool and some yellow wool too? Tom asked. Sure, you can have as much as you need. You are very smart to knit hats. It is cold outside. You will need warm hats, Mrs. Lee said. Sara and Tom thanked her again and went back to Saras house. They knitted their hats with the wool Mrs. Lee lent them. They were very happy with their hats. They wore them to school the next day. Everyone admired their hats and asked them where they got them. We made them ourselves. Mrs. Lee lent us the wool. She is very nice. She has a lot of wool. She likes to knit too, Sara and Tom said.Mama! Jake shouted as he held his brush up in the air. I need to brush my hair! Mama smiled and knelt down to meet her little boys sparkling eyes. Yes, my sweetheart, you need a brush, she said gentley. Mama opened the drawer and pulled out a beautiful brush. It was soft and pink, with a bow made of glitter. Jakes eyes lit up, and he smiled wide. Mama proceeded to gently brush Jakes hair. He squirmed and giggled, feeling so spoiled and loved. She tied a pink ribbon at the end, admiring her little boys golden locks. Mama kissed Jakes nose. All better now, she said with a smile. Lets go show daddy what a handsome young man you are!Once upon a time, there was a gifted nurse who wanted to help people. She wanted to make sure they were safe. So she decided to replace the old nurse with something new. The nurse went to the store and bought something very special. It was a robot nurse! It was designed to care for people just like a real nurse would. The robot nurse was amazing. It could do everything a nurse could do and more. Everyone was very happy with the new nurse. One day, a little threeyearold girl came by to visit the nurse. She was excited to meet the new robot nurse. She asked, Whatâs your name? The robot nurse replied, My name is Nursebot. The little girl laughed and said, Thatâs a cool name! Can you take care of me? The robot nurse nodded and said, I sure can, except I can do so much more than a regular nurse. I can give you medicine and make sure you are healthy. The little girl smiled and said, You sound very gifted! The robot nurse beamed with joy and said, I am.. thank you!Once upon a time there was a young girl named Gina. She had a special secret that she kept hidden in the woods. One day, she went to the woods to see her secret and she took her saw. As she was walking, she heard a sound. It was someone weeping. Gina was scared and ran towards it. When she arrived at the spot, she saw a small cub. It was a bear cub and it was all alone, weeping. Gina felt sorry for the cub and wanted to help. She used her saw to build the cub a small den that the cub could sleep in. The cub thanked Gina for her kindness. Gina smiled and said, No problem! Im just glad I could help. The cub and Gina became the best of friends. Gina and the cub spent every day playing and exploring the woods together. They lived happily ever after.Once upon a time there was a girl called Lucy. She loved to swing all day long. One summer she decided to visit a special park. It was a maze and in the middle she found a swing. Lucy was so excited and hopped on the swing right away. As she was swinging Lucy noticed a bitter smell in the air. She wondered what could be making a smell like that. Looking around she spotted a big tree in the corner of the maze and she decided to go and see it. When she got close to the tree Lucy was surprised. She saw that there were lots of tiny little fruit growing from the branches. They were so bitter that it made her eyes water. Lucy decided to take one home and planted it in her garden. Every day Lucy would swing and watch her little tree grow until it was full of bitter fruit. She would pick the fruit and make a delicious tart with them. Lucy enjoyed the tart every day and she was able to swing and play in the maze more than ever.Max and his mom were outside in their yard. The sun was shining and the birds were chirping. Max looked around and saw animals running around. He wanted to play with them. Max said to his mom, Can I mark in the yard, please? His mom smiled and said, Ok, but only if you stay close. So Max started to mark in the yard. He would make lines in the grass and big circles with his finger. He liked how the patterns looked in the grass. Soon, some nosy animals were coming close to see what Max was doing. He saw a bunny, a squirrel, and a raccoon. Max laughed and said, Hi animals! The animals were curious and wanted to play. So Max and the animals started running around and having a good time. Max and his mom stayed in their yard until the sun went down, marking and playing together.Mia and her dad were walking down the street together, taking in all of the modern buildings. Overhead, the sun shone brightly in the sky. Suddenly, Mia felt unsteady on her feet. She stumbled, almost falling down. Her dad quickly caught her, his strong arms steadying her. Are you okay Mia? he asked, with a smile on his face. Mia nodded and the two of them continued walking. They stopped to look at a tall building, with a red roof and lots of windows. Mias dad looked at the building and said, Isnt this a modern building? Mia nodded again, and the two of them talked about all of the different things the building might have inside it. Then, Mia spotted a bird perched on top of the roof. She pointed to it and said, Look Daddy, the bird is so happy at the top of that roof! Mias dad laughed and they continued their walk, hand in hand.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a favorite strip shirt that she loved to wear. One day, Lilys mom washed the shirt and it accidentally got a hole in it. Lily was sad because she would miss wearing her favorite shirt. Lilys mom promised to buy her a new shirt, but Lily wanted the same one. Her mom said it was too expensive to buy the same shirt again, but Lily didnt understand what expensive meant. She just wanted her favorite shirt back. Lilys dad overheard the conversation and decided to surprise her. He went to the store and found the same shirt, even though it was expensive. When he came home, Lily was so happy to see her favorite shirt again. She hugged her dad and said, I missed you, shirt!Once upon a time, there was a gifted girl named Lucy. One day, Lucy went to the mall with her family. Inside the mall, Lucy saw a large, strange box. It was like nothing she had ever seen before! Her family told her that it was an elevator. She had heard the word before but had never seen an elevator. Lucy got excited and wanted to attach herself to the elevator. Her family laughed and said no, but she showed them her determination. She kept looking up at the elevator and tugging on their hands. Finally, they decided to take the elevator with Lucy attached. The elevator was a magical ride! Lucy felt like it was taking her to different worlds and back. She was so amazed she couldnt stop laughing. When they all finished their ride, Lucy had the biggest smile on her face. Even though she was only three, she had experienced an extraordinary adventure with the gifted elevator.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Jack who loved to follow his friends everywhere they went. One day, Jack saw his friends wearing charming pants that he wanted to wear too. Jack begged his mom to buy him the same pants, but she said no. Feeling sad, Jack decided to take the pants from his friends when they werent looking. But when Jack put on the pants, he found out they were too big for him. He tripped and fell, tearing the pants and hurting himself. Jack learned that its not right to take things that dont belong to him. He apologized to his friends and his mom and promised to never do it again. The moral of the story is to always ask before taking something and to be content with what you have.John was very restless. He wanted to find something to do and create an adventure. So, John decided to go find tuna. He grabbed his lunch bag and set off on his search. John soon came across a lake near his house. As he looked across the lake, he saw something shiny and silver. He saw a huge tuna swimming around in the lake. John dashed across the lake and scooped the tuna in his lunch bag. He was so excited to show his parents the tuna he found. But before he could bring it back home he heard a soft growling coming from behind him. He turned around to see a bear! The bear was standing right in front of him, ready to use its sharp claws. John dropped the tuna and ran, but it was too late. The bear caught up with him and he was never seen again. Johns parents were devastated by the news. They had a feeling something bad would happen when John was so restless. Unfortunately, their fears came true.Mum and Dad were having an argument. Dad was getting very angry. Mum said, Please relax. We can talk about this. Dad shouted, No! You are being very rude! Mum gave Dad a look and said, No need to be so rude. Dad saw the look and calmed down. He said, Youre right. Im sorry. Mum smiled and said, Lets relax and talk about this calmly. They both sat down, and talked in a calm voice. In the end, they both agreed on the best solution. Mum and Dad hugged and said, Lets never argue like that again. They both laughed, and Mum said, Lets relax and have some fun!Jimmy was a young boy who loved to work. He was only three but he could work hard like an adult. Every day he worked in his garden digging and planting flowers. To help him remember, Jimmy kept a diary. One day, Jimmy noticed a delicate butterfly fluttering around. He wanted to keep it as a special pet. He carefully planned how to catch it and wrote it down in his diary. The next day, Jimmy went back to work. He carefully followed his plan from the diary and before he knew it he had caught the butterfly. It was so delicate, he gently placed it in a glass jar with some flowers. Jimmy was so proud of his work! He beamed as he looked at the butterfly in its jar and saw how much it liked its new home. He had worked hard for this reward and it was worth it.Once upon a time, there was a girl who wanted a special piece. She looked everywhere for it, but she couldnt find it. She asked her friends if they had seen it, but they all said no. She was so envious of her friends, who had the special piece. One day, she found some more pieces. They all fit together to form the special piece she was looking for. The girl was so happy! She showed it to her friends, who were envious. She wanted to share her joy, so she gave them a piece. They all played with the pieces together until the sun went down. The day had to end, but the girl was happy. She had found the special piece she had been looking for, and she was very glad.Once upon a time, there was a princess who lived in a beautiful palace. She had a pet cat named Mittens who loved to play with her. One day, the princess wanted to play hide and seek with Mittens. She told Mittens to lie down and close his eyes while she hid. The princess ran around the palace looking for a good hiding spot. She found a big closet and crawled inside. It was dark and quiet in there. She waited for Mittens to find her. After a while, the princess started to get bored. She peeked out of the closet and saw Mittens sleeping on a pillow. She giggled and thought to herself, Mittens must be really bad at this game! She tiptoed over to him and whispered, Wake up, Mittens! Youre supposed to find me! Mittens opened his eyes and meowed. The princess picked him up and hugged him. She was happy to have such a cute and cuddly friend. They went back to playing together in the beautiful palace.One day, Jim and his dad decided to go out for a drive. They drove around the lively city and looked at all the busy traffic. Jim thought it was so exciting to be able to look at all the cars and watch who was at the street signs. While they were stopped at a red light, they noticed something funny. Two birds were stuck in a cage that had been left behind. Jims dad said they should help the birds, so he looked around for something to release the latch on the cage. Thankfully, he found something small enough that he could use to open the latch. He slowly and carefully opened the cage, and the two birds flew free. Jim was so happy he clapped his hands and shouted for joy. Jim and his dad both waved goodbye as the birds flew away. Jim felt proud that he and his dad could help the birds and released them from the cage. It was a great feeling to do something good in the world!Once upon a time, there was a big plane. The plane had two wings and could fly high in the sky. One day, the pilot of the plane needed to shoot a movie. He needed a dependable camera to do it. The pilot searched for a camera that he could trust. He found one that was dependable and could shoot great videos. He put the camera in the plane and flew off into the sky. As the plane flew, the camera shot amazing footage of the world below. The pilot was happy because he had found a dependable camera to help him with his movie. And the plane was happy too, because it got to fly high in the sky. The end.Once upon a time, there was a very glad jellyfish. He liked to stay in the big blue sea with all his friends. One day, he decided to explore and swam away from the sea. He soon found himself in a strange place. Nothing looked familiar and he was starting to get scared. Suddenly, he heard some cheerful music and saw some colorful lights. The jellyfish was curious, so he decided to stay and explore. He found a party full of jellyfish! His friends were there too, and they were very glad to see him. The jellyfish stayed at the party for a long time. He danced and played games with his jellyfish friends. That day was the best day ever! In the end, the jellyfish was very glad to have stayed.Once there was a little girl and she loved to see the world. One night she was looking out of her window and she saw something zoom past. It was the most exciting thing she had ever seen! The little girl wanted to know where it had gone, so she followed it. She chased it all the way to a big field. When she got there she saw that it was a harmless little animal. The animal was so cute and she loved it so much! She knelt down and it ran around her, playing. The two were having so much fun together! Then, the animal zoomed away, disappearing into the horizon. The little girl was so sad that she had to say goodbye to her new friend. But, she knew she had to say goodbye and she was happy that she got to play with the harmless little animal.Once upon a time, there was a small rhinoceros. He lived in the forest and was very lucky. One day he wanted to explore, so he started walking through the trees. Suddenly, he felt something strange in the air. He looked around, but he could not see anything. He started to tremble. He was so scared! He knew he had to be brave, so he decided to keep walking. He slowly walked through the woods until he finally reached a clearing. In the clearing was a big hole in the ground. The small rhinoceros started to tremble even more. He was so scared! He slowly inched closer to the edge of the hole. Then he saw something inside the hole. It was a lucky fourleaf clover! The small rhinoceros felt so happy. He was no longer scared. He knew that it was a sign that he was very lucky! He carefully picked up the clover and took it with him back to his home in the forest. He knew that from that day on he would always feel lucky.Once upon a time, there was a kind girl named Sue. Sue loved to design things. One day, she wanted to design a pot. She found some clay and started to work. Sues friend, Tim, came over. He saw Sues pot and said, I want to design a pot too! But Tim was not kind. He took Sues pot and broke it. Sue was very sad. Sue tried to fix her pot, but it was too broken. Tim did not say sorry. Sue was sad and her pot was gone. In the end, Sue learned to be careful with her things and not let mean friends like Tim play with them.One regular day, Jack was walking through the forest. He noticed something strange when he stumbled across a cobweb. It was big and the strings were wrapping around a tree. Jack had never seen anything like it. He stepped closer to examine it. Jacks mom heard him and came running. Jack, dont touch that! she said. Jack stepped away. Am I in trouble, Mommy? He asked. His mom shook her head and smiled. No, Jack. Its alright. I just have a surprise for you. You see, this cobweb is special. Its like wrapping paper for a surprise! Jack looked at the cobweb with excitement. He couldnt believe such a regular day would lead to a surprise!Once upon a time there was a wild cat. He was wandering through the woods looking for a place he could call home. As he was looking, he passed by a clearing. There, on the floor was a strange box. The wild cat decided to take a closer look. The cat hopped in and found it was the perfect place for him to belong. The wild cat curled up inside and fell asleep. After a while, a little girl spotted the cat in the box. She waved her hands and danced around, she was so excited. She wanted to take the cat, she knew he belonged with her. The cat meowed and said yes, so she carefully took him home. Once home, the little girl chose for the cat a special place. It was a soft, fluffy rug on the floor. She knew it would be the perfect place for the cat to nap and play. The cat moved in right away and was so happy, he even jumped and purred to show he was happy he belonged. From that day on, the wild cat felt like he belonged with the little girl and her family. He found his true home and he was very happy.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play in the garden with his spade. He would dig and dig until he made a big hole. One day, Timmys friend Billy came to play. Billy was being rude and wouldnt share his toys. Timmy didnt like how Billy was acting. Please dont be rude, Timmy said to Billy. Lets play together and clean up the garden. Billy thought about it for a moment and then said, Okay, lets clean up together. So, Timmy and Billy worked together to clean up the garden. They used their spades to pick up all the leaves and put them in a pile. They had so much fun working together and being kind to each other. From that day on, they always played nicely together in the garden. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl. She liked to take things from the house. One day, when no one was looking, she took a knife from the kitchen drawer. It was a nice knife and it was very shiny. The little girl wanted to play with it. She ran outside, into the dark and far away woods. Suddenly, she felt scared. It was too dark and she couldnt find her way home. Just then, she heard an old wise voice coming from the trees. It said Dont take things that dont belong to you, it will get you into trouble. The voice was right the little girl was lost and she didnt know how to get home. The little girl was very sad and she put away the knife. Suddenly, a beam of light came down from the sky and it showed the little girl the way home. She was happy to find her way back and she never took things that didnt belong to her ever again. The moral of the story is that you should never take things that dont belong to you. You never know where it could lead you.Sammy went to the park with his mommy. He saw a big, shiny box, like a castle. He wanted to explore what was inside, so he tried to open the door. But it was locked. His mommy told him, Thatâs okay, Sammy! We dont want to be nosy. But dont worry, I can help you. She took him over to a friendly man with a big key. The man smiled at Sammy and waved his arms around the box. Then he opened the lock and showed Sammy what was inside it was full of fun, colorful toys! Sammy and his mommy thanked the man for his help. He said, No problem, little one. Iâm glad I could help. Then he waved goodbye as they walked away. Sammys mommy said, Its nice to have helpful people like that around. Now lets go play with your new toys. And so they did! Good thing Sammys mommy had her helpful arm around him to help him explore the park!Tom and Lily were twins who liked to play with their toys. They had many toys because their parents were wealthy and loved them very much. They had dolls, cars, trains, books, puzzles, and a big plane that could fly in the air. One day, Tom and Lily decided to play with the plane in the backyard. They took turns to make the plane zoom and soar and loop in the sky. They pretended they were pilots and passengers and had fun. Look, Lily, I can make the plane go very high! Tom said, holding the remote control. Wow, Tom, thats amazing! Can I try? Lily asked, reaching for the remote. OK, but be careful. Dont make the plane crash! Tom warned, handing her the remote. Lily smiled and pressed the buttons. She made the plane go up and down and left and right. She was having a blast. Look, Tom, I can make the plane do a flip! Lily said, making the plane spin in the air. Wow, Lily, thats awesome! But watch out for the tree! Tom shouted, pointing to a big tree in the corner of the yard. Lily looked and saw the tree. She tried to steer the plane away, but it was too late. The plane hit the tree and fell to the ground. It broke into pieces. Oh no, Lily, you broke the plane! Tom cried, running to the plane. Im sorry, Tom, I didnt mean to! Lily sobbed, following him. They both looked at the plane and felt very sad. They loved the plane and had so much fun with it. They wondered if their parents would be angry with them. Tom, Lily, what happened? their mother asked, coming out of the house. She saw the plane and the twins. Mommy, we were playing with the plane and Lily made it crash into the tree and it broke! Tom explained, pointing to the plane. Mommy, Im sorry, I didnt see the tree and I couldnt stop the plane and it broke! Lily repeated, hugging the plane. Their mother looked at them and smiled. She hugged them both and said, Its OK, my loves. I know you didnt mean to break the plane. It was an accident. Accidents happen sometimes. The plane is just a toy. It can be fixed or replaced. But you are my children. You are more important than any toy. I love you very much. Tom and Lily felt better. They hugged their mother and said, We love you too, Mommy. Thank you for being so nice to us. You always provide us with everything we need and want. You are the best mommy in the world. Their mother kissed them and said, You are welcome, my loves. You are the best twins in the world. Now, lets go inside and have some cookies and milk. How does that sound? Tom and Lily nodded and smiled. They followed their mother inside, leaving the plane behind. They knew they would play with it again someday, but for now, they were happy to have their mother and each other.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his toys, especially his toy hammer. One day, Timmys mom was fixing something with a real hammer. Timmy asked, Mommy, whats that? His mommy said, Its a hammer. It helps me fix things. Timmy thought it looked cool, but he knew it was not a toy and could be dangerous. He said, Mommy, is the hammer harmless? His mommy smiled and said, No, its not harmless, but I know how to use it safely. Timmy was happy his mommy could answer his question and keep him safe.Once there was a little girl named Amy. The grass was very green and the sky was very blue. Amy liked to pick flowers and play in the park. One day she saw something pale in the park that she liked a big lollipop. Amy knew she had to count how many lollipops she saw. She counted one, two, three and four. But then she could not count any more. All of a sudden, a big bird flew down and swept up one of the lollipops with its beak. Amy quickly counted again and found she still had three lollipops she could enjoy. Amy ran right home and sat on the porch. She unwrapped the lollipops and began to enjoy them. She smiled as each lick tasted like sweet, sugary apple. Amy was happy she got to count the lollipops and eat them too!Billy was feeling happy, so he asked his mom if he could go to the park. She said yes, and he quickly got into his running shoes. At the park, Billy saw something even better than the slides and swings a tall gym. Excitedly he ran to the ladder and started to climb. He made it all the way to the top without stopping. Be careful, Billy! his mom called. But Billy wasnt listening. He wanted to get to the top of the gym. Suddenly he slipped and started to fall! Oh no! he cried. Billys mom quickly tried to help, but she was too late. Billy hit the ground with a thud. His mom was sad but relieved that Billy was okay. She helped him back home for a rest. Billy learned a lesson that day. He never tried to climb the tall gym again.Mia and Leo were twins who liked to help their mom in the kitchen. They were very enthusiastic and wanted to learn how to cook. One day, their mom let them make some cookies with her. She gave them each a bowl of dough and some cookie cutters. Look, Mia, I made a star! Leo said, showing his cookie to his sister. Thats nice, Leo, but I made a heart! Mia said, snapping her cookie cutter on the dough. They both smiled and put their cookies on a tray. Their mom put the tray in the oven and turned on the stove. Now we have to wait for the cookies to bake, she said. But be careful, the stove is very hot. Dont touch it, okay? Okay, mom, Mia and Leo said. They sat on the floor and played with their toys while they waited. They could smell the cookies getting ready. They were very excited. Mom, are the cookies done? Mia asked. Let me check, their mom said. She opened the oven and took out the tray. She put it on the counter and used a spatula to lift a cookie. Ouch! she said. She dropped the cookie and shook her hand. The cookie is too hot. I burned my finger. Mia and Leo ran to their mom and hugged her. Are you okay, mom? Leo asked. Im okay, sweetie, its just a little burn, their mom said. She put some ice on her finger and kissed them both. Thank you for caring. You are such good helpers. She gave them each a glass of milk and a cookie. They were still warm, but not too hot. They tasted delicious. Mia and Leo enjoyed their cookies and thanked their mom. They were very happy. They decided that they loved to cook with their mom.Bert saw the shiny robot and wanted it right away! He had never seen a robot before and knew that he just had to have it. He asked his mom if he could buy it and she told him they would see. Bert asked his dad to come see the robot and he reluctantly agreed. When they went to the store, the robot seller showed them a clear robot. It was sparkly and Bert knew he had to have it. The seller asked for a lot of money, but Berts dad said no. Bert was very sad but his mom said that if he saved his allowance for the next month he would get the robot. So, Bert worked hard to save his money so that he could buy the robot. Finally, a month later Bert had earned enough money. He asked his mom to take him to the store, but she said that the seller had already sold the robot. Bert was disappointed, but his mom had a surprise. She had quietly asked the seller to hold the robot and they had gone back to the store to buy it. Bert was very excited and hugged his mom. They went home with the shiny and clear robot and Bert was so happy to have it.Once upon a time there was a silly pony. He loved to eat cream every day. One morning the pony was walking to the meadow, when he spotted something funny. It was a rabbit wearing a hat! The pony thought it was very silly and funny. The bunny said, âœWhatâs so funny?â The pony laughed and said, âœI think itâs foolish that you are wearing a hat!â The rabbit replied, âœIâm wearing a hat to be cool!â The pony looked puzzled and asked, âœHow does a hat make you cool?â The rabbit smiled and said, âœWhen I wear this hat, everyone recognizes me!â The pony thought that was really neat, so he put on a hat too. From then on, the pony was well known throughout the meadow and everyone recognized him too. He was no longer a silly pony, but the most famous pony in the world!Once upon a time, in a big green field, there was a little purple cat. The cat was very sad. It lost its toy and could not find it. The cat looked everywhere but the toy was not there. One day, the cat met a nice dog. The dog saw the sad cat and wanted to help. The dog asked the cat, Why are you sad? The cat said, I lost my toy and I cant find it. The dog thought for a moment and then said, Lets guess where your toy is! The cat and the dog guessed and guessed. They looked under a big tree, in a small hole, and behind a tall bush. Finally, they found the toy near a pretty flower. The purple cat was so happy! The cat and the dog played with the toy all day long. From that day on, the purple cat was never sad again.Once upon a time, there was a little teddy bear named Teddy. Teddy was very lonely because he didnt have any friends to play with. One day, he decided to go on an adventure to find some new friends. As he walked through the forest, he met a friendly bunny named Benny. Hi, Im Teddy. Do you want to be my friend? asked Teddy. Of course! replied Benny happily. Teddy and Benny played together all day, but when it started to get dark, Teddy knew it was time to go home. I have to pack my things and go home now, said Teddy. Benny asked, Can I come with you? Teddy replied, Sure, just buckle up for safety! They both laughed and headed back to Teddys house. From that day on, Teddy and Benny were the best of friends and went on many more adventures together.One day, Charlie and his family were at the beach. It was hot and sunny, and Charlie wanted to cool off. He looked around and saw a pond nearby. Charlie said, Mom, I want to soak in that pond! His mom smiled and replied, That sounds like fun, Charlie. Be careful not to get wet too much though, okay? Charlie ran over to the pond and started splashing in the cool water. He noticed something small and white floating in the pond. He picked it up and saw it was a tiny flea! He said Mom, look at this flea! His mom said, Oh, its so kind of you to look after the flea. Can you put it back in the pond? Charlie smiled and put the flea gently back in the pond. As it floated away, Charlie watched it with a happy smile. Then he went running back to the pond and started to soak some more.Lily and Ben were playing in the park. They liked to go on the swing and slide and run around. Lily had a new toy. It was a small box with a button. She could record her voice and play it back. Look, Ben, this is my toy. I can record what I say. Watch! Lily said. She pressed the button and said, Hello, I am Lily. I like to swing. Then she pressed the button again and the box repeated her words. Wow, that is cool, Lily. Can I try? Ben asked. Sure, Ben. Here you go. Press the button and say something. Lily said. She gave the box to Ben. He pressed the button and said, Hi, I am Ben. I like to slide. Then he pressed the button again and the box repeated his words. They laughed and took turns to record and play back their voices. They said funny things like, I am a dinosaur. Roar! and I am a princess. I have a crown. They had a lot of fun. But soon they became sleepy. They had played for a long time. They yawned and rubbed their eyes. Lets go home, Lily. I am sleepy. Ben said. Me too, Ben. I am sleepy. Lily said. They put the box in Lilys backpack and walked to their moms. They said goodbye and hugged. Bye, Lily. See you tomorrow. Ben said. Bye, Ben. See you tomorrow. Lily said. They went home with their moms. They had a nice nap and dreamed of the park. They were happy.Once upon a time there was a nice little girl. She loved to play with her film camera. She would insit on taking pictures of her friends and family. One day she went to the park with her parents. She took out her camera and insisted she take pictures of the birds. She was determined to capture the birds on film and kept saying cheese to them. Her parents were so proud and tried to get her to take pictures of other things, but she insisted on the birds. The little girl was so excited when she got the film developed and saw all the nice pictures she had taken of the birds. She was so proud of herself and everyone around her was so impressed that such a little girl had managed to take such nice photos. The little girl knew that she had done a great job and everyone was happy that she insisted on taking the pictures.Sam liked to bounce on his bed. He bounced up and down, up and down, making funny noises. He bounced so high that he could touch the ceiling. He bounced so hard that his pillow fell on the floor. But his mom did not like it when he bounced on his bed. She was working on her print. She had to print many papers for her job. She needed the printer to work fast and quiet. But Sams bouncing made the printer shake and jam. The papers came out wrong and messy. Sam, stop bouncing on your bed! his mom shouted. You are making the printer go bad. I need to finish my print. It is very important. Sam did not want to stop bouncing. He liked to bounce. He did not care about the print. He did not know why it was important. He bounced louder and faster, making more funny noises. His mom was very frustrated. She ran to his room and opened the door. She saw Sam bouncing on his bed, smiling and laughing. She saw the pillow on the floor, the sheets on the window, and the toys on the dresser. She was very angry. Sam, enough! she yelled. You are making a big mess. You are not listening to me. You are being very naughty. Get off the bed right now! Sam stopped bouncing. He looked at his mom. He saw her red face, her big eyes, and her loud voice. He felt scared and sad. He did not want to make his mom angry. He did not want to be naughty. He got off the bed and said, Im sorry, mom. I just wanted to bounce. I like to bounce. It is fun. His mom sighed. She looked at Sam. She saw his small body, his big ears, and his sorry face. She felt sorry and tired. She did not want to make Sam scared and sad. She did not want to be angry. She hugged him and said, I know, Sam. I know you like to bounce. It is fun. But you have to be careful. You have to listen to me. You have to respect the print. It is not fun. It is work. Do you understand? Sam nodded. He hugged his mom back. He said, I understand, mom. I will be careful. I will listen to you. I will respect the print. Can I bounce later? His mom smiled. She said, Yes, Sam. You can bounce later. But not on the bed. On the trampoline. In the backyard. With me. How does that sound? Sam smiled too. He said, That sounds great, mom. I love you. His mom said, I love you too, Sam. Now lets go fix the print.Once upon a time there were two friends, Jojo and Mika. One day, they wanted to go on an adventure. So they made a plan they wanted to look for the biggest root they could find. Mika said, Lets find the brownest root ever! Jojo agreed and said, Lets go look for it right now! They excitedly ran into the woods, searching high and low, until they found the perfect root. It was big and brown and beautiful. Mika exclaimed, Look Jojo, this is the one we were looking for! Jojo smiled and said, We did it! We found the biggest and brownest root! The two friends happily went home, happy that their plan had worked. The end.Once upon a time, there were two friends named Susy and Joe. They were best friends, and did everything together. One day, they decided to go to the beach. They had a lot of fun. The sun was shining, and the sand felt warm. The two friends found a big shell. It was very shiny, and it was the perfect shape. Susy and Joe both thought it was the most wonderful thing they had ever seen. They both wanted the shell, and they started to argue. Susy started to yell. I saw it first! Its mine!, she shouted. Joe was angry. He started to yell too. No! I saw it first! Its mine!, he shouted. Suddenly a third person appeared. He was very popular around the beach. He had a kind smile. He quietly said I think it would be nice if you two shared the shell. That way, you could both be happy. But Susy and Joe didnt listen. They just kept yelling and arguing. The popular man sadly shook his head and walked away. Susy and Joe never got to keep the shell. In the end, neither one was happy.Once upon a time, there was a happy dog named Max. Max loved to play with his toys in the backyard. He would run and jump and wag his tail. One day, Max saw a big bone on the ground. He was so hungry, he ate the bone right away. After eating the bone, Max felt very alert. He barked at the birds and chased after the squirrels. But then he got tired and went back to his toys to play. Max loved to play and he was always happy when he had something to do. As the sun started to set, Maxs owner called him inside. Max was sad to leave his toys behind, but he was happy to know that he would get to eat his dinner soon. After dinner, Max curled up in his bed and fell asleep, dreaming of all the fun he would have playing and eating tomorrow.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Sonya. Sonya was very anxious because she was going to the lab for the first time. She was so scared and didnt know what to expect. When she arrived at the lab, she saw that there were lots of people there. Sonyas mom gave her a big kiss on the forehead and said it was going to be alright. Sonya slowly walked into the lab. She was still a little anxious, but could feel her moms kiss calming her down. When she arrived at the lab, Sonya was welcomed by all the people there. Some of them even hugged and kissed her on the cheek. Sonya was so happy and felt much better. The people at the lab showed her around and explained what they were doing. Sonya learned so many new things and felt more confident. Before she left, Sonyas mom hugged and kissed her again, and they both smiled. Sonya was feeling more confident and less anxious thanks to her moms big kiss.Sam and Mia are friends. They like to play in the park. One day, they find a big sack near a tree. It is black and heavy. Look, a sack! Sam says. What is inside? I dont know. Lets open it! Mia says. They pull the sack to a bench and open it. Inside, they see many shiny things. There are rings, necklaces, bracelets, and earrings. They are all gold and silver and have jewels on them. Wow, so pretty! Mia says. She picks up a necklace with a big red jewel. She puts it around her neck. Look, Im a princess! she says. Sam sees a bow and an arrow. They are also gold and have jewels on them. Look, Im a hunter! he says. He picks up the bow and the arrow. He aims at a bird on a branch. Sam, no! Mia says. Dont hurt the bird! But Sam does not listen. He shoots the arrow. It flies in the air and hits the bird. The bird falls to the ground. Sam, you are bad! Mia says. She runs to the bird. It is not moving. It has blood on its feathers. Sorry, Mia. I didnt mean to. Sam says. He drops the bow and the arrow. He follows Mia. They see a man running towards them. He is angry. He has a mask on his face. He is the thief who stole the sack from the shop. Hey, you kids! Give me back my sack! he says. He grabs the sack from the bench. He pushes Sam and Mia away. Help, help! Sam and Mia shout. They are scared. A policeman hears them. He sees the thief with the sack. He runs after him. He catches him and puts handcuffs on him. Thank you, officer! Sam and Mia say. They hug the policeman. Youre welcome, kids. You did the right thing. This man is a bad man. He took these things from the shop. They are not his. They belong to the people who made them and sold them. the policeman says. He takes the thief and the sack to his car. He drives away. Sam and Mia look at the bird. It is still not moving. Is the bird dead? Sam asks. I think so. Mia says. She is sad. They bury the bird under the tree. They say sorry to the bird. They go home. They tell their parents what happened. Their parents hug them and say they are proud of them. They learn a lesson. They do not play with things that are not theirs. They do not hurt animals. They are good friends.Once upon a time, there was a rich man. He had a big house and many things. But he needed a cane to walk. One day, he went to the park with his cane. He saw a little boy playing with a ball. The little boy saw the mans cane and asked, Why do you have a stick? The rich man said, It helps me walk. The little boy wanted to help, so he asked, Can I delay you? I will hold your cane, and we can walk together. The rich man smiled and said, Yes, you can delay me. They walked in the park, and the little boy held the cane. They talked and laughed. The rich man was happy to have a friend. The little boy was happy to help. They had a good day at the park.There was a family with two kids, a brother and a sister. The brother wanted to play basketball outside, but the sister didnt want to. The brother said, Lets play basketball! But the sister said, No, I dont want to. The brother was loud and said, Come on! Itll be fun! But the sister disagreed. She said, No, I dont want to play basketball. Its too loud outside. The brother said, Please? It will be fun! But the sister didnt want to, so she said, No, I dont want to. I dont like basketball. The brother was disappointed, so he said, Okay, if you dont want to play basketball, we can do something else. The sister smiled and said, Okay, lets go find something else to do. The brother and the sister decided to play a different game, and they had a lot of fun together.Once upon a time, there was a clever dog named Max. Max lived in a big yard with his family. One day, Maxs friend, a cat named Lily, came to visit him. Max, I have a plan, said Lily. Lets play hide and seek! Max thought it was a great idea and agreed to play. Lily went to hide while Max counted. After a while, Max found Lily hiding behind a tree. You are so intelligent, Lily! said Max. You always find the best hiding spots. Lily purred with happiness and they continued to play together in the yard.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to eat jelly because it tasted so yummy. One day, Lily went to the park with her mommy. She saw a beautiful butterfly and said, Mommy, look at the beautiful butterfly! Suddenly, a bird swooped down and ate the butterfly. Lily cried and said, Why did the bird eat the beautiful butterfly? Her mommy said, Thats just how nature works, Lily. Sometimes animals eat other animals to survive. Lily didnt like that answer and cried even more. Her mommy hugged her and gave her a big spoonful of jelly to make her feel better. Even though the butterfly was gone, Lily knew that the jelly would always taste just as good.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. Jack liked to play in his yard with his dog, Spot. One day, Jack saw a bird in his yard. The bird looked hungry. Jack said, Mommy, can we feed the bird? Mommy said, Yes, we can feed the bird. They got some bread and put it in the yard. The bird ate the bread and flew away. Jack felt happy because he was helpful to the bird. Spot barked and Jack said, Spot, you are helpful too. You helped us find the bird. Spot wagged his tail and licked Jacks face. Jack laughed and played with Spot in the yard.Once upon a time, there was a wealthy man named Tom. Tom had a big house with many toys. He loved to play with toy models of cars, planes, and boats. One day, Tom wanted to make a new model. He needed to measure the size of the model to make it perfect. Tom asked his friend, Sam, to help him. Sam came to Toms house and said, Lets measure the model together! They started to measure the model with a small ruler. They measured the length, width, and height of the model. They wanted the model to be the best one ever. As they worked, they talked about how fun it would be to play with the new model. They knew it would be their favorite toy. After they finished measuring, they built the model. It was a beautiful boat. Tom and Sam played with the boat in the pool. They had lots of fun and knew that measuring the model was worth it. The end.Once upon a time, there was a young girl named Lily. She loved to play outside with her friends. One day, they were playing hideandseek when Lily found a shiny medal on the ground. She was so happy and showed it to her friends. One of her friends asked, Where did you get that medal, Lily? I found it on the ground, replied Lily. Her friend said, You should call your parents and tell them you found a medal! So, Lily called her parents and told them about her medal. They were very proud of her and told her she was a good girl. From that day on, Lily wore her medal everywhere she went.Mum and Dad were very jolly as they got ready for the evening. Dad said, Lets go unlock the secret room! The little girl was excited and followed them. She asked lots of questions as they went. When they arrived to the secret room, Dad opened the door and said, Hurry inside! The little girl was so surprised to see all the fun things in the room. She could hardly believe it. But then Dad said, Now its time to lock it up again. The little girl was sad as Dad locked the door and she knew that she couldnt get back inside. Goodbye secret room, she sighed as Mum and Dad walked away.Tom and Sue were friends who liked to play on the farm. They liked to see the animals and feed them corn. One day, they saw a big pig in the mud. The pig was dull and dirty. It did not look happy. Tom said, Lets play with the pig. Maybe it will have fun with us. He ran to the pig and tried to pet it. The pig did not like that. It grunted and pushed Tom away with its nose. Sue said, No, Tom. Dont play with the pig. It is not nice. It is mean and rude. Lets play with the sheep. They are soft and friendly. She walked to the sheep and hugged one. The sheep bleated and licked her face. Tom and Sue disagreed. They did not want to play with the same animal. They got mad at each other. They stopped being friends. The farmer saw them and shook his head. He said, Tom and Sue, why are you fighting? The pig and the sheep are both good animals. They are just different. You can like different things and still be friends. Come, I will show you how to make the pig happy and the sheep clean. He took them to the barn and gave them a brush and a bucket. He said, Tom, you can brush the pig and make it shiny. Sue, you can wash the sheep and make it white. Then you can play with both of them and share your corn. How does that sound? Tom and Sue nodded. They said, Okay, farmer. Thank you for helping us. We are sorry for disagreeing. We will be friends again. They smiled and hugged. Then they went to the barn and did what the farmer said. The pig and the sheep were happy too. They all had a good time on the farm.Once upon a time, there was a little girl called Sarah. She loved to go exploring in her garden, searching for little treasures. One day as she skipped around, she stopped to look in the garden pond. Suddenly, she spotted something glinting in the water. She reached her hand in and pulled out a thick coin. She was so excited she ran straight in to show her mom. What is it, asked mom. Look mom, I found a coin, said Sarah, showing her mom the sparkly treasure. Mom smiled. Lets go put it in your piggy bank. Together they went inside and put the coin in Sarahs bank. Then Sarah realized something. She had enough coins in her bank to get something shed been wanting. Mom, what can I get with all these coins, Sarah asked. Why, you can buy a new toy, said Mom. Sarah was so excited. She hugged her mom and ran off to pick out her new toy. And thats how Sarah learned the value of money and the joy of saving up for something special.Billy was a three year old boy who loved to dream. He told his mom he wanted to have a pet parrot. She said âœoh Billy thatâs a lovely idea. Billy went to the pet shop and saw some friendly parrots. He asked the shopkeeper âœCan I have this one?â. The shopkeeper smiled and said âœOf course you can!â Billy was so happy and he took his new parrot home. He named him Max and he was a friendly parrot. Billy talked to Max every night about all his dreams. He told Max about his dreams of becoming a superhero and travelling to the stars. Max listened and chirped along. Billy loved to dream with Max by his side.Once upon a time there was a girl named Jane. She was outside playing on the swing. She saw a bright shooting star and she yelled out in excitement. Look, Mom! A shooting star! Her mom smiled at her and said, Thats amazing, Jane. Wish something special! Jane thought for a moment and said, I wish for a swing that glows in the dark! Her mom said, Thats a great wish! Lets see if it comes true! The next day, Jane and her mom went outside and Janes eyes sparkled bright. There was a magical swing made of stars that glowed in the dark. Jane ran and jumped onto it, feeling like the luckiest girl in the world. She shot up higher and higher in the sky, reaching for the stars just like the shooting star she had seen the night before. Jane and her mom had so much fun together on the magical, glowing swing. They played under the stars and laughed until the sun came up. Jane will never forget that night and the special wish that had come true.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to chew on gum. He always had a piece in his mouth, even when he went to bed. One day, Timmy was sitting in class when his teacher passed out a test. Timmy was frustrated because he didnt know the answers. He chewed on his gum, trying to think. After the test, Timmy went to recess. He was still frustrated about the test. He chewed on his gum and walked around the playground. Suddenly, he saw a girl crying because she lost her favorite toy. Timmy knew how it felt to be sad, so he went over to the girl and gave her a big hug. The girl stopped crying and smiled. She thanked Timmy and they became friends. Timmy was happy he could help someone else. He passed the rest of the day with a smile on his face, still chewing on his gum.Once upon a time, there was a little girl who liked to wonder. One day, she wanted to explore the world, so she grabbed her soap and ran outside. Suddenly, in the distance, she saw something beautiful. It looked like a castle, but it was too far away for her to tell for sure. She decided to take a closer look. As she got closer, she realized that it wasnt a real castle, but a fake one made out of soap! She was so excited because she had never seen anything like it before. The little girl wondered what it would be like if she could actually climb inside the castle and explore. She used her soap to build a small door, and she stepped inside. She was amazed at the beauty of the fake castle and the amazing things she could see. The little girl spent the rest of the day exploring the castle and taking in the beauty of the fake castle. She wondered if she could ever find a real castle. The end.Once upon a time there was a girl called Ameli. She was three years old and loved to play. One day, Ameli decided to make some juice. She grabbed a big bowl and carefully poured the different fruit inside. Then, she took a spoon and carefully mixed it all together. She was so excited as she watched the different colours swirl around. Once the bowl was full, Ameli ran to the kitchen sink and grabbed a sieve. She placed it above the bowl and began to drain the juice. As she watched the delicious liquid fill her cup, she felt very happy. Suddenly, Ameli heard Mum calling. She was feeling anxious. She quickly put the cup down and ran into the living room. Mum asked her where shed been and Ameli told her all about her juices. Mum smiled at her and said, That sounds yummy! Lets drink it together! Ameli smiled and the two of them enjoyed their juice.Once upon a time there was a brave girl named Ella who loved to swing in her garden. Everyday Ella would go outside to swing on her swing. She would swing so high in the air! One day, while Ella was swinging, she saw something strange. There was a thief in her garden trying to take her toys! Ella stopped to take a closer look and she decided to talk to the thief. She asked him, Hey! What are you doing in my garden?. The thief replied, Im just trying to take a few toys. Its very easy. Ella smiled and said, No! Toys are not for taking. You can swing on my swing though. Its very fun! The thief thought about it for a moment and then decided to swing on the swing. Ella smiled from seeing the thief swing so happily.Anna and Ben are friends. They like to play with toys and books. One day, Anna has a new toy. It is a kite. The kite has a long string and a tail. It is red and yellow and blue. Can I borrow your kite? Ben asks Anna. He wants to fly the kite in the sky. Okay, but be careful, Anna says. She gives Ben the kite and the string. Do not let go of the string. The kite will fly away. Ben takes the kite and runs to the field. He throws the kite in the air. The wind makes the kite go up and up. Ben feels the string pull in his hand. He smiles. The kite looks like a bird. Anna watches Ben from the bench. She sees the kite fly high and far. She sees the string get smaller and smaller. She feels sad. She misses her kite. Ben, come back! Anna calls. It is time to go home. Give me back my kite. But Ben does not hear Anna. He is too busy with the kite. He does not see how distant the kite is. He does not notice that the string is loose. He does not feel the string slip from his hand. The kite flies away. The string falls to the ground. Ben looks up and sees nothing. He feels sad. He lost the kite. Anna, I am sorry, Ben says. He runs to Anna with the string. I did not mean to lose your kite. It was an accident. Anna is angry. She does not want the string. She wants her kite. She does not forgive Ben. She does not want to be his friend. They go home. They do not talk to each other. They do not play with toys and books. They are lonely and unhappy. They wish they had their kite and their friend.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to eat cereal for breakfast every day. He would pour the cereal into his bowl and add milk until it was ready to eat. One day, Timmys mommy asked him if he wanted to own his very own cereal box. Timmy was so excited! He had never owned anything before. Mommy took him to the store and they picked out a box of his favorite cereal. Now, Timmy had his very own cereal box that he could eat whenever he was ready. He felt so grown up and proud to own something of his own. Every morning, he would pour his cereal into his bowl and eat it all up. Timmy was the happiest little boy in the world.Jack was very sad. He had a bad cough and his Mom took him to the doctor. The doctor said that Jack needed an xray so he could see what was wrong. Jack didnt like going to the doctor but it was the only way to make him feel better. The doctor put him in a big machine and made a picture of his insides. Jack felt a little bit scared, but he knew it was important to do. Afterwards, the doctor wiped the sweat from Jacks forehead and told him to rest and drink lots of fluids. Jack was very happy because he wanted to feel better. When Jack got the results of the xray, he was very relieved. The doctor said his cough wasnt serious and he should start feeling better soon. Jack was so happy that his bad, miserable feeling went away. Jack went home and thanked the doctor for helping him. Now he was much happier and he knew what to do if he ever felt sick again.One day, a family walked onto the beach. The large beach was wide and sandy. The sun was shining and there was a cool breeze. The family was very excited. They ran and splashed in the water. They looked around and saw a big rock. They all decided to climb it. The family then went exploring. They discovered a cave and decided to enter. Inside the dark cave, they found many fascinating things. There were colorful shells and other treasures. They found their way out of the cave, just as the sun was setting. They all laughed and smiled, happy to explore the wide beach.Once there were two friends, Tommy and Sally. One day Tommy said to Sally Lets go for a spin!. So they both ran outside and Tommy spun and spun until he was very dizzy. Then Sally said Lets make a dove!. So Tommy grabbed a stick and Sally grabbed some leaves. Together they carefully made a dove. It was very nice. Tommy said, Lets spin the dove! so they both held the dove tight and began to spin around in circles. They spun and spun until they were very dizzy. When they stopped, the dove flew into the air and Tommy and Sally cheered. They watched it until it was out of sight. Then they said goodbye and went home. It was a nice day!Once upon a time, there was a little puppy. Her name was Bella. Bella was very happy. She liked to play and run. Every day she would grow bigger and bigger. One day, Bella became very ill. Her mommy worried a lot. She took Bella to the vet. There she met the veterinarian. The vet was very busy, but he was nice. Bella saw lots of animals in the vets office. There were cats, bunnies, and even a turtle! They were all very sick, and the vet was taking care of them. Bella was scared, but the vet was gentle and he made her feel better. He gave her medicine and special food, and she slowly began to feel better. The vet visited Bella a few times and each time she got healthier. Finally, she was totally better! Bella was so happy that she could run and play again. The vet had done a great job and Bellas mom was very thankful. He had taken care of her, and Bella was able to grow up and stay happy and healthy.Ralph was walking around in the park when he observed a tiny stamp on the ground. He got closer to take a better look at it. Ralph was worried it looked like it was from a special stamp collection that belonged to his friend, Ben. He called out, Ben! Are you here? Ben walked up, looking worried. Oh no, it looks like I dropped my stamp, he said. Ralph smiled at Ben, I found it! Ben was so relieved and gave Ralph a big hug. Thank you, Ralph! Ben carefully put the stamp back into his collection and the boys continued their walk in the park.Once, a little boy got a mitten for Christmas. He was so happy! He loved it so much. The boy liked to wear his mitten everywhere he went. He even slept in it once! Whenever it was cold, he would put it on his hand and go outside. One day, the boy went to the park to play. He put his mitten on, ready to play. He had so much fun! He ran, jumped and laughed all day. But then he finished playing. He was very tired, so he decided to go home. He took his mitten off, waved goodbye to all his friends, and went home. He was so happy to have his mitten to keep him warm and cozy. The little boy was thrilled and couldnt wait to play again.Mikey was very excited. He had just found a drum. It was a clear drum and it was very pretty. He wanted to play it. Mikey grabbed the drum and ran outside. He banged his hands on it and the sound was loud and exciting. He wanted to show everyone his drum. Mikey ran around the house and shouted, Look what I found! His mom and dad were proud of him. After a while, Mikey got tired and ran off to find somewhere to rest. He found a tree with a big leafy branch. He climbed up and sat on the branch with his drum. He started to play it and the sound echoed through the trees. Mikey smiled and he was so proud of his clear drum.Timmy was playing in the garden when he saw a big barn. He had never seen a barn before and he was very excited. He went to the barn and saw some shiny tools and things. He found a brush and a bucket and he wanted to polish something. He looked around, and spotted an old shovel. He started to polish the shovel. He worked hard, but it was no use. The shovel was very old and it didnt get very shiny. Timmy was getting a bit frustrated. Suddenly, he heard a voice from inside the barn. What are you doing, little boy?, the voice asked. Timmy was so surprised he almost jumped out of his skin. Timmy told the voice what he was doing, and he asked if the shovel would get shiny. The voice laughed and said that the shovel looked very old, and it wouldnt get shiny. Timmy felt very bitter and he left the barn. But the voice shouted at him. Wait! I can show you a better way to polish a shovel. Timmy went back inside the barn and the voice showed him exactly how to polish the shovel. Soon the shovel was shining brightly! Timmy was so happy and thanked the voice for the help. He took the shovel and ran home, feeling proud of his shiny new treasure.There was a boy named Charlie. He was 3 years old and loved to play. He had a special game he liked to play every day. It was called JumpHand. Charlie would put his hands together and say, JumpHand! Then he would jump as fast as he could. He loved the feeling of jumping so quickly. He would jump up and down, sometimes he would even jump sideways. The faster he jumped, the more fun it was. One day he jumped so fast, he almost flew. Charlie thought he was a bird, flying around the room. Charlie just kept jumping, higher and higher, until eventually he stopped and laughed. He had had so much fun playing JumpHand. Every day he looked forward to playing it, and enjoying the feeling of jumping so fast.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim loved to read books. He would read books all day and all night. His favorite place to read was in the garage. One day, Tim found a small, weak cat in the garage. The cat was hungry and cold. Tim felt sad for the cat, so he gave it some food and a warm blanket. The cat was very happy. Tim and the weak cat became best friends. They would play and read books together in the garage. The cat got stronger and happier with Tims help. They had so much fun, and they lived happily ever after.Once there was a girl who liked to dance. She liked to turn and twirl with her best friend. Every day they would dance together and have so much fun. One day the girls friend noticed her waist was so hard that she couldnt move quickly. She was very sad, for she knew that she could not dance like before. The girls friend wanted to help, so she turned to the girl and said âœlet me help. Here, letâs do some hard exercises.â The girl did not want to at first, but her friend said, âœIt will make your waist stronger, so you can twirl and turn again!â The girl listened to her friend, and did the hard exercises. Every day they would stretch and bend, but the girl was getting so much stronger. Finally, one day the girl was able to turn and twirl again! She was so happy and thanked her friend for all the help! The two girls danced together again and enjoyed their friendship.Once there was a little boy who was very cold outside. He looked up at the sky and saw dark clouds in the sky. He wanted to stay warm, so he had a plan. The plan was to put on his coat. He went in to find his coat and he saw a big dark coat. He put the coat on and it kept him warm and cozy. He was happy and he smiled. Then he ran back outside and the dark clouds were still there. But, he was not cold anymore. He kept running around, playing, and having fun. He was so glad he had a plan for staying warm. He just had to put on his coat and he was nice and warm.Once upon a time, there was a cute little kitten named Mittens. Mittens had a soft, fluffy paw that she loved to show off to her friends. One day, Mittens was playing with her friend, a little mouse named Squeaky. They were having so much fun chasing each other around the garden. Suddenly, Mittens stopped and looked at Squeaky with a serious face. Do you hear that? she asked. Squeaky listened carefully and heard a loud noise coming from the bushes. What could it be? Squeaky asked. Mittens slowly walked towards the bushes and then suddenly jumped back. Its a big, scary dog! she cried. We need to lay low and be very quiet until it goes away. Squeaky nodded and they both hid behind a nearby flower pot. After a few minutes, the dog walked away and Mittens and Squeaky were safe. Phew, that was not a normal day, Mittens said, as they continued to play together. From that day on, they always made sure to be careful and keep an eye out for any danger.Once upon a time, there was a young duck who lived in a pond. Every day, she would refuse to leave the pond and go explore with the other ducks. She was too scared. She had a bright orange feather that she refused to give up too. One day, she met another baby duck who was just her age. She was so excited to see the young duck and asked if it wanted to go explore with her. The young duck said yes! Finally, the young duck was no longer scared to leave the pond. Together, they left the pond and explored the entire lake. Every time they passed by one of the other ducks, the young duck would proudly show off her orange feather. The other ducks became jealous and started to tease the young duck, but she was no longer afraid. With her new orange feather and young friend, she refused to be scared anymore. She finally had the courage to explore the world around her.Charlie leaned high, up into the attic. He climbed the ladder and felt the warm air. It was an adventure! Suddenly he smelled something funny. It was coming from a box in the corner. When he opened it, there was a lazy cat! It was grey and sleepy and didnt move. Charlie leaned in close and put out his hand. The cat just yawned and stayed still. Charlie thought it was sad and wanted to help it. He tried to pick it up, but it was too heavy and he couldnt lift it. Charlie got sad and leaned back against the wall. He wanted the cat to be happy, but he just couldnt do it. So he left the attic and went back downstairs, feeling very sad and wishing he could help the cat.Once upon a time, there was a bald baby. Every day, the babys mommy would remind him to be careful and stay safe. The baby would have fun playing outside, but one day something went wrong. The baby was playing close to a lake when he suddenly started to walk too close to the edge. His mommy quickly ran from the porch and reminded him not to go too close. But the baby was too excited to listen and he accidentally fell into the lake. The babys mommy screamed and tried to get the baby out. But no matter how hard she tried, she was unable to reach him in time. The baby disappeared under the water and all that was left was a sad and scared mommy. The end.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Ruby. Ruby loved to explore and experience new things. One day she decided to ask her mom for something special. She wanted to go and explore the deep chimney that was outside. Her mom was not sure about this request since it seemed a bit dangerous. She thought for a moment and then agreed to let Ruby go. Ruby put on her old cape and asked her mom to come with her. Together, they went outside and Ruby started to climb up the deep chimney. It was so tall that it felt like they were reaching the sky. As they went higher and higher, Ruby could feel the chill of the wind on her face and the warmth of the sun. When they finally reached the top, Ruby looked out and saw the beautiful city below. It was more amazing then she could have ever imagined. She thanked her mom for agreeing to her request and they both made their way back down the deep chimney. The experience of going up the deep chimney still stays with Ruby today, as it was her first brave request and adventure.Once there was a baby. Her name was Lucy. She was very small and loved to eat. Everyday, she ate lots of food. One day, she was playing in the garden. It was a very wide garden full of flowers and trees. Suddenly, she fell and hurt her knee. She started to cry. It hurt a lot. Her mom came running and picked Lucy up. She gave Lucy a big hug and kissed her knee. Lucy felt much better. But now she was very hungry. Her mom gave her some yummy food to eat. She ate it up quickly and felt much better. She touched her knee and it didnt hurt anymore. Lucy went back out into the wide garden, feeling happy and not scared of falling anymore. She was sure that her mom would always be there to take care of her.Once, something strange happen. A dull animal was walking in the woods, and it was so quiet. Everyone stopped what they were doing and watched as the animal moved slowly. As it continued walking, it began to get brighter and brighter, until it was almost glowing. Finally, the animal stopped and made a noise. Everyone cheered, and the animal laughed. From that day, the woods were never dull again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys and her kitty, Mittens. One day, Lily and Mittens went for a walk in the park. Suddenly, they heard a loud noise and saw a big fire! It was an emergency! Lily tried to run away, but she saw someone struggling in the fire. It was a puppy! Lily knew she had to help. She ran to the modern fire truck and told the fireman about the puppy. The fireman quickly drove to the fire and saved the puppy. Lily was so happy that she helped the puppy. She learned that even though emergencies can be scary, its important to help others who are struggling.Once there was a famous princess named Penny. She lived in a big castle made of stones and was very happy. Her dream was to marry a prince so that she could be happy forever. One day, a wily old wizard showed up at the castle and said he could make her dreams come true. He said that if she agreed to marry him, he could make her famous forever. He promised he would be very kind and gentle with her, and that she would always have plenty of money. Penny thought about it, but eventually she refused to marry the wizard because he was too old and she knew he would not make her happy forever. She decided to wait until she met a real prince who could make her truly happy. The wizard was angry at the refusal and so he vanished in a puff of smoke. Penny kept waiting and eventually, the prince she was looking for showed up. They married and Penny was very happy. They celebrated their marriage by throwing coins in the air, including one special penny that they kept forever. And with the prince by her side, they both lived happily ever after.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a present for her friend, a toy car. She was very excited to give it to him. One day, Lily and her friend were playing together. Suddenly, her friend threw the toy car and it broke. Lily was sad and fearful that her friend would be mad at her. Her friend saw how upset she was and said, Im sorry, Lily. I didnt mean to break your present. Lets fix it together. Lily felt much better and they worked together to fix the toy car. From that day on, they made sure to be careful with each others presents and never threw them again.One day, a little boy named Tim was playing outside. He was very happy and had a big smile on his face. Tim was hungry, so he went inside to ask his mom for a snack. His mom gave him an apple to eat. While Tim was eating his apple, he heard a loud noise outside. It was an ambulance with its lights on. Tim was scared and didnt know what was happening. He ran to his mom and told her about the ambulance. His mom took him outside to see what was going on. They saw a little girl had fallen off her bike and hurt her leg. The ambulance was there to help her. Tims mom told him that the ambulance was there to make the little girl feel better. Tim felt better knowing that the ambulance was helping the little girl. He smiled and went back to play, feeling happy and safe again.Once upon a time, there was a big purple wrap. The wrap was very special because it could protect all the things inside of it. One day, a handsome prince found the wrap and he wanted to take it for himself. So he grabbed it and ran all around the kingdom, looking for a place to hide the wrap. When the prince got to the palace, he noticed a tall tower rising into the air. He decided the wrap would be safe at the top, so he climbed all the way up the stairs until he reached the top. Then he put the wrap down on the ground and protected it with a magic spell. Finally, the prince returned to the kingdom and told all the people about the wrap and its magical powers. When the people heard this, they all went to the palace to try the wrap. Everyone loved the purple wrap and they used it to keep their special things safe and sound. From then on, the purple wrap was a symbol of protection. Everyone knew that it would always keep their important items safe and secure. And thats the legend of the magic purple wrap!Mia was looking at the house decorations. They were so colorful and she wanted to decorate too. She asked her mom, Can I decorate too? Yes you can! Lets go get the decorations!, her mom said with a smile. Mia was so excited. She wanted to make her house look pretty. Mia and her mom went to the store and bought colorful streamers, balloons, and paper lanterns. Mia was so happy when she saw all the decorations and couldnt wait to decorate. They got home and Mia started decorating. She hung up the streamers and paper lanterns. She was feeling proud of her work. She thought it looked so beautiful. When Mias friend saw the decorations, she was envious. She said to Mia, Your decorations look amazing! Mia smiled and said, I love decorating and it was so much fun!Once upon a time, there was a big elephant named Ellie. Ellie was very friendly and loved to play with her animal friends in the jungle. One day, Ellie met a little monkey named Max. Max wanted to play with Ellie, but he was too scared to follow her into the jungle. Dont be afraid, Max, said Ellie. Ill show you a quiet place in the jungle where we can play together. Max followed Ellie through the jungle and they found a quiet clearing where they could play. Ellie showed Max how to play with a ball and they had lots of fun together. After playing for a while, Max said, Thank you, Ellie. Youre my big friend! Ellie smiled and said, Youre welcome, Max. Im happy to have a new friend to play with. From that day on, Max followed Ellie everywhere and they had many more adventures together in the jungle.Sara likes to make cards for her friends. She uses paper, crayons, stickers and glue. She writes I love you and draws hearts and flowers. She feels happy when she makes cards. One day, Sara has a lot of cards. She wants to give them to her friends at school. She puts them in her backpack and goes to the bus. She feels excited to share her cards. At school, Sara gives a card to each of her friends. They smile and hug her. They say thank you and you are so generous. They like Saras cards very much. They give her some cards too. Sara feels proud and grateful. Sara has one card left. She sees a new girl in her class. The new girl looks sad and lonely. She has no cards. Sara walks to her and says hi. She gives her the last card. The new girl looks surprised and happy. She says thank you and you are so kind. She gives Sara a big hug. Sara feels warm and friendly. Sara and the new girl become friends. They play and talk and laugh. They make more cards together. They feel joy and love.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to bake cakes with her mommy. One day, they were making a cake and they needed to measure the ingredients. Mommy got out the scale and put it on the table. Lily watched as mommy put the flour on the scale and measured it. After they finished baking, mommy asked Lily to shut the oven door. Lily was happy to help and she shut the door tightly. When the cake was done, they took it out of the oven and it smelled so sweet! They let it cool down and then they ate it together. It was the best cake they had ever made!Once upon a time, in a small town, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim was an enthusiastic boy who loved to play with his toys and his dog, Spot. One sunny day, Tim and Spot were playing in the park when Tim felt something strange in his mouth. He touched his tooth and it was very wiggly. Tim ran to his mom and said, Mommy, my tooth is wiggly! His mom looked at his tooth and smiled. Dont panic, Tim, she said. Its just a baby tooth. It will come out and a big tooth will grow in its place. Tim felt better and went back to playing with Spot. A few days later, while eating an apple, Tims tooth finally came out. He was so excited! That night, he put his tooth under his pillow and went to sleep. In the morning, Tim woke up and looked under his pillow. The tooth was gone, and in its place was a shiny coin! Tim ran to his mom and said, Mommy, the tooth fairy came and left me a coin! His mom smiled and said, I told you not to panic, Tim. Now you have a big tooth growing and a special coin from the tooth fairy. Tim felt proud and couldnt wait to show his friends his new big tooth and his special coin.Once there was a rock. It was a big, wide rock. A little girl wanted to play with the rock. She took a bucket of water and poured it over the rock. She said, âœI want to see if the rock will melt!â The sun was shining brightly in the sky. The girl was so excited to see what would happen to the rock. She waited and waited. Finally, the rock started to melt! The girl smiled a big smile. âœItâs melting!â she said. She laughed and danced around the rock. The rock melted down to a puddle. The girl said, âœLook at the puddle that used to be a rock!â She was so happy to see her experiment succeed. She watched in amazement as the puddle got bigger and bigger. The wide rock was gone. The girl knew she had done a good job. She cheered and said, âœI did it!âJohn grumbled to himself as he walked through the forest. He had a big bad feeling inside of him and he didnât understand why. As he walked, he whispered to himself, âœJohn has a bad feeling.â John came to a clearing and was shocked when he saw a glowing journal sitting on the grass! He cautiously moved closer and then the journal said âœHello, John.â John was scared, but he asked the journal âœWhat are you?â The journal replied, âœDonât worry, I wonât hurt you. Iâm here to help you. Iâve been sent to you from a magical place. I can allow you to write your feelings and thoughts here and then magic will turn them into happy things.â John was still scared, but he decided to give it a try. He took the journal and began to write and suddenly he felt the bad feeling leave his body. He smiled and knew that he had made the right decision. John thanked the journal and said goodbye.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Jenny who loved spending time outside. One day Jenny found a boat by the river and couldnt wait to explore. She said excitedly Im going in the boat. As she jumped inside and grabbed the oars, her dad said, Be careful Jenny, and enjoy your journey! Jenny began to row and soon the river started to move with her. She felt the breeze on her face and the sun on her skin. She was so excited that she rowed until the river seemed to be standing still. Suddenly Jenny heard an owl call out. It was so lazy and relaxing, just like the boat, that Jenny stopped rowing and lay down in the boat. The river moved slowly and Jenny watched the clouds and the birds flying above. She felt so happy and content. As she lay there, she enjoyed the calmness, like she was in a dream. At sunset, Jennys dad found her still lying in the boat, smiling away. He said, Have you enjoyed your journey? Come on, little one, lets go home now. Jenny nodded, feeling tired but happy. She smiled as the boat slowly moved back towards the shore.Ana was walking along the beach one evening. She looked down and she saw something in the sand. She bent down to look more closely. It was a palm! She had never seen one before. Ana picked up the palm and held it in her hand. All of a sudden, it spoke to her! Hello Ana, the palm said. Im so happy to meet you. My name is Albert. I used to live on this beach but now Im very lonely. Ana was so surprised to hear the palm speak that she gasped. She scooped him up and hugged him close. Dont worry Albert, she said. You wont be lonely anymore! Im going to take care of you and visit you every day. We can go for regular walks along the beach. Albert was very happy. Ana smiled and she knew that she and Albert were going to be best friends forever.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Amy. She was three years old. One day, she was very anxious because she wanted to gain something. She wished and wished for something special. Suddenly, there was a magical present in the sky. It looked like a bag with oats inside it. She was so excited and quickly ran to get it! She opened the bag carefully and discovered that it was full of oats. Amy was so happy because now she had oats! She could eat them for breakfast every day and would never be hungry again. Amy smiled and thanked the magical present from the sky. She was no longer anxious because she had gained something special. The end.John and his mom were in their home. Suddenly an alarm sounded. John asked, What is that? Its the burglar alarm, said mom. John was scared. But mom said, Dont worry, John. Im sure we can solve this! John watched as mom rummaged through the cupboard for something. She found a flashlight and said, We can solve this! With the flashlight in hand, John and mom searched for the burglar. Everywhere they looked, there was no sign of the thief! John was very discouraged. But with a determined look, mom said, Lets try the backyard! John followed mom out to the backyard, where they found a thief trying to get into the tool shed. As they got closer, the thief saw them and ran away. Mom gave a triumphant laugh. We solved it! We were successful! John was so excited and cheered. But the celebration was shortlived. They realized the thief had stolen their bike. John was disappointed and upset. Mom hugged John and said, Well, at least we solved the burglar alarm! That was a success! John couldnt help but feel dejected. His mom had been too hopeful. Despite the successful resolution of one small problem, the bad news had overshadowed the good.Once there was a funny little bird. He liked to chirp and twitter all day long. But it was not like the other birds because this bird was weird. One summer season, the bird decided to find an adventure. He flew up high in the sky. As he flew, he noticed something sharp on a tree. He thought it was some kind of food, so he went closer. Suddenly, the sharp thing moved and the bird was very scared. It turned out, the sharp thing was not food. It was a big, long beak. The beak belonged to an eagle. The eagle was bigger than the bird and he said in a big voice, Hey little bird, what are you doing here? Go away or I will catch you! The bird was scared, but he kept his cool and flew away quickly. He never went back to that place again. But he was sure to tell all his bird friends about the weird sharp eagle.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the sunshine. One day, she found a tiny plant growing in the dirt. It was so small and cute! Lily wanted to take care of the plant, so she watered it every day. Soon, the plant grew bigger and bigger. It was so pretty! Lily was very happy. One day, Lilys friend came to play. Her name was Emily. Emily saw the plant and said, Wow, thats a pretty plant! Can I have one too? Lily thought about it for a moment and then said, Sure, we can share it! Emily was very happy and they both took care of the plant together. They watered it every day and watched it grow. After a while, the plant was so big that it needed a bigger pot. Lily and Emily got their hands dirty and repotted the plant. Their hands were filthy, but they didnt mind because they were having so much fun sharing and taking care of their plant.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She was very kind and loved to play with her toys. One day, Lilys mom asked her to please clean up her toys before dinner. Lily happily said yes and started to pick up her toys. As she was cleaning, Lily found a big surprise hiding under her bed. It was a shiny red balloon! She was so happy and couldnt wait to show her mom. But instead of putting her toys away, Lily started to play with the balloon. Suddenly, the balloon popped and scared Lily. She started to cry and her mom came rushing in. Unfortunately, Lily had hurt her hand and couldnt play with her toys or balloons anymore. She learned that its important to listen to her mom and be careful with surprises. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys and draw pictures with her crayons. One day, she went to the kitchen to get a cup of juice. She opened the cupboard and saw a green cup. Lily said, Mommy, can I use this green cup? Her mommy replied, Sure, Lily. But can you please put it back in the cupboard when youre done? Lily nodded and said, Okay, mommy. I will put it back. Do you have to go to work today? Yes, I do, said her mommy. But I will be back soon. Lily smiled and sipped her juice from the green cup. She played with her toys until her mommy came back from work. And she remembered to put the green cup back in the cupboard, just like her mommy asked. The end.Once upon a time there was a lucky little girl. She woke up in her bed, and felt like a special day was going to happen. As she stepped outside, the sun was shining on her face. Then she spotted something strange on the ground. It was a small bottle filled with a green liquid! She didnt know what it was, but she knew it was something special. The girl picked up the bottle to look at it more closely. Suddenly she noticed a big word on the bottle. It said Poison. She dropped the bottle quickly and ran away fast. She was so lucky that she had not touched the liquid. Her parents soon arrived and saw the bottle on the ground. They were so happy that she was safe. The girl learned a valuable lesson that day. She taught herself to always be careful and never touch things that look strange.One day, a little boy named Tim went to the store with his mom. They needed to buy some food for dinner. Tim saw some weird looking beef. He pointed at it and said, Mom, what is that? His mom looked at it and said, That is beef, Tim. But it looks a little weird. Lets get some other beef instead. They picked out some good beef and put it in their cart. As they walked through the store, Tim saw a man trying to balance a lot of boxes on his head. The man looked like he was having a hard time. Tim wanted to help, but his mom said it might not be safe. Suddenly, the man lost his balance and the boxes fell all around him. Everyone in the store stopped and looked. Tims mom went to help the man pick up the boxes. Tim felt happy that his mom was helping, and they all worked together to fix the problem.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to take pictures with his camera. One day, Timmy went to the park to take some pictures of the flowers and the trees. While he was taking pictures, a little girl came up to him and asked, What are you doing? Timmy replied, Im taking pictures with my camera. The little girl said, I dont understand. Why do you take pictures? Timmy explained, I take pictures to remember all the pretty things I see. The little girl smiled and said, Thats so cool! I wish I had a camera too. Timmy felt proud and happy. He wasnt ashamed to love taking pictures anymore.Ben and Lily were twins who liked to play in the garden. One day, they saw a big melon growing on a vine. They wanted to eat it, but their mom said they had to wait until it was ripe. Lets take it anyway, Ben said. He was naughty and did not listen to mom. We can hide it in our room and eat it later. No, Ben, thats wrong, Lily said. She was good and listened to mom. We have to share it with everyone and be patient. But Ben did not care. He picked the melon and ran to the house. Lily followed him, trying to stop him. They went to their room and closed the door. Ha ha, now we have the melon, Ben said. He put it on the bed and got a knife. He was about to cut it when he heard a loud pop. The melon disappeared! It was not a real melon, but a balloon that looked like a melon. Mom had put it there as a joke. Uh oh, Ben said. He felt silly and scared. He had been tricked and he had done something bad. Lily laughed. She was not angry, but she was glad that Ben learned a lesson. She said, See, Ben, you should not take things that are not yours. And you should not be greedy and selfish. You should be kind and honest. Then you will not have problems like this. Ben nodded. He was sorry and ashamed. He said, You are right, Lily. I was wrong and you were right. I will not do it again. I will listen to mom and share with everyone. And I will not fall for silly jokes like this. They hugged and said they loved each other. Then they went to find mom and tell her what happened. Mom was happy that they told the truth and that they learned from their mistake. She gave them a real melon to eat and they enjoyed it together. They thanked mom and said they were sorry. Mom forgave them and said she was proud of them. They had a happy day. The end.Once upon a time, in a warm summer, a little boy named Tim and his dog, Spot, went to the park. They were so happy to play outside. Tim was a bit fearful, but Spot was always with him. At the park, they met a big, fluffy cat. The cat said, Meow, meow! I am lost. Can you help me find my home? Tim was scared, but he wanted to help the cat. So, Tim and Spot walked with the cat. As they walked, Tim saw a soft, pretty flower. He touched it and smiled. The cat saw her house and said, Thank you, Tim and Spot! They all became good friends and played together every summer day.Lily and Ben are playing in the park. They see a big rope hanging from a tree. They want to swing on it. Can I go first? Lily asks. OK, but be careful, Ben says. Lily runs to the rope and grabs it. She swings high and low. She feels happy and free. Wow, you are good at swinging! Ben says. Thank you. Your turn now, Lily says. She lets go of the rope and lands on the grass. She gives the rope to Ben. Ben swings on the rope too. He tries to go higher than Lily. He laughs and shouts. Lily watches him and smiles. She sees a big bush near the tree. She has an idea. Im going to hide. You have to find me, she says. She runs to the bush and crawls inside. She thinks Ben will not see her. Ben stops swinging and looks around. He does not see Lily. Where are you, Lily? he calls. He hears a giggle from the bush. He knows where she is. He runs to the bush and tries to get in. But the bush is too small for him. He does not fit. Lily, come out. I found you, he says. Lily comes out of the bush. She is proud of her hiding spot. You are good at hiding, Ben says. Thank you. You are good at swinging, Lily says. They hug and smile. They are happy. They play some more.Idy was feeling very gloomy. Everything that he saw seemed grey and sad. He trudged along, feeling lower and lower until he stumbled across a pattern. It sparkled with vibrant colours of red and blue which made Idy gasp in amazement. He bent down and ran his fingers over the pattern, feeling its softness. He then gave it a big hug and smiled. Suddenly, the gloomy feeling began to wither away and Idy felt happy. He decided to take the pattern home and show it to his mum. Together, they hugged and admired the beautiful pattern in awe. Idy was no longer feeling gloomy and the pattern had brought new life back into his world!One day, a big lorry drove up to a lonely house. A man in a smart suit stepped out and he showed a law to the person inside. Then, the man started to knock on the door. Nobody answered and the man kept on knocking for a long time until a little girl opened the door and he showed her the law. The little girl was very lonely and she had no family. The man in the suit said he would show the little girl a new home. The little girl was happy, so she smiled and took a big breath of fresh air from outside. The man and the little girl then got into the big lorry and they drove away to the new home. The little girl was no longer alone.Once upon a time there was a furry bear named Sammy who liked to explore. One day, Sammy was looking for trouble and he got himself stuck in a tree. Sammy was scared and he shouted for help. Luckily, a kind man heard his cries and ran to the tree. He said, Dont worry Sammy, I will help you out. The kind man gave Sammy a hand and Sammy was free again. At the end of his adventure, Sammy knew that if he looked for trouble he would only get in trouble. He thanked the kind man and ran away. The moral of the story is that it is better to be wise than to try and look for trouble.Once there was a little girl who was very tired. She yawned and stretched her arms. She had worked very hard all day and was ready for a nap. Her mum came over with a medal. It was a shiny medal, with a nice red ribbon. The little girl smiled and clasped the medal to her chest. Mum said she had earned the medal for all her hard work. She had worked so hard she made her mum and dad so proud. The little girl hugged mum and thanked her with a big yawn. Mum hugged her back and told her it was time for bed. She brushed the little girls hair and tucked her in tight. She gave the little girl one last hug, then said goodnight with a nice smile. The little girl soon fell asleep, dreaming of all her hard work and the nice medal she had been given.Once upon a time, there was a kind man named John. John was very generous and loved to help people. One day, he saw a little girl crying on the street. He asked her why she was crying. The little girl said that she had hurt her knee and it hurt a lot. John said, Dont worry, I can heal your knee. John took the little girl to his house and cleaned her knee. He put a bandage on it and gave her a lollipop to make her feel better. The little girl was very happy and said, Thank you, John. You are so kind and true. John smiled and said, I just like to help people. Thats what makes me happy. The little girl felt much better and went home. She told her mom about John and how he healed her knee. Her mom was very grateful and said, We need more people like John in this world. The little girl agreed and said, Yes, John is a true hero.Once upon a time there lived two friends, Sarah and Jake. Jake was the grumpiest bear in the whole of the forest and Sarah was the happiest hedgehog ever. Sarah was always trying to cheer Jake up and make him happy but his grumpy nature wouldnt let him. One morning, Sarah said to Jake, Lets go out and explore nature today and I will support you! Jake rolled his eyes and agreed, so they set out into the forest. While exploring, Sarah saw a big, tall tree. She said to Jake, I bet you cant climb that tree! Jake was very determined and he managed to climb the whole way up to the top of the tree! Sarah was so proud of her friend and shouted, Look at you, Jake! You did it with my support! Jake felt proud and suddenly, he wasnt so grumpy anymore. Instead, he was proud of himself and smiling all day!Jacky was a lazy little rabbit. He liked to stay in bed and nap all day long. He had no ambition and was never interested in the things around him. One day, Jacky was out walking in the woods and he spotted a blueberry bush. Jacky was intrigued, he had never seen a blueberry before! Jacky ran up to the bush and started to pick the blueberries. Suddenly, a wise old fox appeared from the shadows. Little rabbit, the fox said, you should never be so lazy with your life, you should always reach for greater heights and never be content with mediocrity. Now, off you go and pick some more of those delicious blueberries! Jacky understood the lesson and he went back to picking blueberries with newfound ambition. He gathered enough for a nice blueberry pie, and Jacky and the fox had a wonderful meal that only a lazy little rabbit and wise old fox can appreciate. The moral of the story is that its important to never be too lazy and complacent with your life. Whenever you have the opportunity to do something new, have an ambition to strive for greater heights and never be content with mediocrity. Learn from the example of Jacky the lazy little rabbit and reach for higher goals.Tom and Sam are friends. They like to play together. They have a big box of toys. They have cars, balls, dolls, and books. They share their toys and have fun. One day, Tom finds a suit in the box. It is a blue suit with a tie and a hat. Tom likes the suit. He puts it on and says, Look at me, Sam. I am a boss. I can tell you what to do. Sam does not like the suit. He thinks Tom is silly. He says, No, you are not a boss. You are my friend. Take off the suit and play with me. Tom does not listen. He says, No, I like the suit. It is mine. You can play with the other toys. Go away. Sam is sad. He does not want to play with the other toys. He wants to play with Tom. He says, Please, Tom. Dont be mean. The suit is not yours. It is ours. We can take turns. Dont separate from me. Tom is stubborn. He says, No, I dont want to take turns. I dont want to play with you. You are not loyal. You are not my friend. Go away. Sam is hurt. He does not understand why Tom is so rude. He says, Fine. I will go away. But you are wrong. I am loyal. I am your friend. You are the one who is not loyal. You are the one who is not my friend. Sam leaves the box. He finds another friend to play with. He is happy. Tom stays in the box. He wears the suit. He is alone. He is not happy.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his toys, but sometimes they got stuck in hardtoreach places. One day, Timmys favorite toy car got stuck under the couch. He tried to get it out, but it was too difficult. Timmys mom saw him struggling and asked, Whats wrong, Timmy? Timmy replied, My car is stuck under the couch and its too difficult to get it out. His mom said, Let me help you. She got down on her hands and knees and used a step stool to reach under the couch. She was able to remove the car and give it back to Timmy. Timmy was so happy and said, Thank you, Mommy! Youre the best! From that day on, Timmy knew that if he ever got stuck, he could always ask for help.Once upon a time there was a small boy called Jacob. He loved to ride his bike and always had his bright yellow helmet on. One day, determined to learn a new trick, Jacob set off on his bike. He pedalled and pedalled to get up a small hill and over a bumpy bump. Jacobs dad watched from behind, watching his son and his perseverance. But just when he thought Jacob was about to reach the top, the boys foot slipped off the peddle and he fell over! Jacob was frustrated. His dad came and said dont give up Jacob! You can finish this if you stay persistent!. Jacob nodded and placed his helmet back on and tried again. He tried over and over, feeling just a bit closer to the top each time. Finally, Jacob reached the peak of the hill and let out a cheer. He had done it! Jacob had proved to himself and to his dad just how important it is to stay persistent, and with the right attitude, you can finish anything.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She lived in a house with her mommy and daddy. One day, Lilys mommy asked her if she wanted to go on an adventure. Where are we going? Lily asked. Were going to the park in the east, her mommy replied. Lily was excited to go on an adventure with her mommy. When they got to the park, they saw a man with a sharp knife cutting some fruits. Look, Lily! Those fruits look so tasty! her mommy said. I want to try some! Lily exclaimed. The man with the sharp knife smiled and gave them some fruits to taste. They were very tasty, and Lily was happy that she went on an adventure with her mommy.Once upon a time, there was a mighty inchworm. He lived in the big green forest. He liked to match leaves and sticks together. He wanted to create something special. One day, he found a big stick that was too hard to break. He wriggled and wiggled, but he couldnt match it with the other sticks. He felt so disappointed and was about to give up. Suddenly, a shiny yellow bird flew down from the sky. The bird was so kind and offered to help the inchworm. He cupped his wings to the ground and used its beak to break the stick into two pieces. The inchworm was so happy and thanked the bird. Together, they matched all the sticks and leaves into a beautiful pattern. The inchworm was happy to have found a new friend. And it was all thanks to his mighty inch!Once upon a time there was a mister. He was very independent and strong. He didnt need help from anyone. He was able to support himself. One day, while he was walking along the river, he saw a lot of mist. It looked like a cloud but it was lower to the ground. He was curious so he got closer to it. Inside the mist, he saw a lot of animals enjoying themselves. It made him really happy. He wanted to help them, so he decided to support them. He started to give the animals food and water. He made sure they were always safe and secure. He was proud to be able to support them. And from then on, he always supported them whenever he could. That made them very happy and they thanked him for being so independent.Once there was a little boy called Simmy. He was very competitive, and he liked to collect things. One day, Simmy went to the swamp. He looked around for things to collect. He found loads of leaves and sticks and stones, so he put them all in his bucket. Simmy was so excited! He had collected so much that his bucket was almost full. But then, he saw a shiny stone in the water. He wanted to collect it too. He watched the stone carefully and decided that he would try to collect it. He slowly and carefully went into the swamp and then he grabbed the stone. He had done it! Now he had the biggest collection of all. So Simmy happily went on his way home with his new shiny stone to show everyone. He was the most competitive collector ever!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, Lily and her mommy went to a big building with many floors. They went inside an elevator and pressed the button for the 10th floor. Lily loved going in the elevator because it made her feel like she was flying. As they were going up, Lily heard a strange noise. She said to her mommy, Mommy, listen! Whats that noise? Her mommy listened and heard the noise too. They both looked at the elevator buttons and saw that the number 5 button was flashing. Lilys mommy said, Oh no, the elevator is broken. We have to wait for someone to come and fix it. Lily was sad because she wanted to go to the 10th floor. But then, a man came and fixed the elevator. Lilys mommy said, Hes a very dependable man. He fixed the elevator so quickly! Lily was happy because she could finally go to the 10th floor and play with her toys.Tom and Lily liked to play near the pond. They saw many frogs, ducks and fish there. But they also knew there was an alligator in the pond. The alligator was enormous and scary. It had big teeth and a long tail. Tom and Lily always stayed away from the alligator. One day, Tom and Lily found a balloon. It was red and shiny. They wanted to play with it. They took turns holding it and throwing it in the air. They had a lot of fun. But then, the balloon flew away from them. It went over the pond and landed near the alligator. Tom and Lily were afraid. They wanted their balloon back. But they did not want to go near the alligator. They thought of a plan. They found a long stick. They used the stick to poke the balloon. They hoped the balloon would pop and release the air. Then, the balloon would be small and light. They could pull it back with the stick. But the plan did not work. The balloon did not pop. It only bounced. The alligator saw the balloon. It thought it was a toy. It opened its mouth and bit the balloon. The balloon popped and released a loud noise. The alligator was surprised and angry. It roared and splashed the water. Tom and Lily were scared. They dropped the stick and ran away. They did not want to play near the pond anymore. They learned a lesson. They should not bother the alligator. The alligator did not like balloons.Once upon a time, there was a big house with a fancy roof. Inside, there was a little girl named Lily. Lily was very happy because she had a lot of friends. Every day, she would talk to them and have lots of fun. One day, Lilys friends said to her, Lets go on the roof. Lily was excited and said, Yes, lets go! So, Lily and her friends went up to the roof. It was so fancy up there. They looked around and smiled. They talked and laughed and saw lots of cool things. Then they played lots of fun games. Lily and her friends had such a great time on the roof. When it was time to go home, they hugged each other goodbye. They promised to meet on the roof again soon. And they did!Once upon a time, there was a boy who lived by the side of a giant lake. Every day, he would take long walks around the lake and look for leaks. One day, as he was walking, he saw a funny leak! It was coming from a boat near the shore. The boy was very curious, so he decided to get closer and have a look. He thought it looked a bit silly, and he suggested to himself that maybe he should plug the leak up. He looked around and eventually found a thick piece of cloth. He took it, put it over the leak and tied it tightly. He did a really terrific job, because the leak stopped right away. The boy was so proud of himself for being so clever and helping the boat. He showed all his friends and they said that he was very wise and not at all foolish. And they all lived happily ever after!Once upon a time, there was a friendly pink dog. Her name was Lily and she loved to play. Every day she would set out to have some fun in the sun. One day, Lily said to her owner, Im feeling so bored. Could you please set me free in the garden? Her owner smiled and said, Sure Lily, but stay where I set you. Lily bounded out into the garden and began to explore. She found a lot of exciting things delicioussmelling flowers, buzzing bees, happy butterflies, and tall grass. Before long, Lily had made some new friends a few ducks who were waddling around the pond. She wagged her tail in delight and she and the ducks had some fun. When it was time to go home, Lilys owner called for her. He said, Lily, its time to come back inside. You were very friendly to those ducks now lets go. Lily trotted back and her owner hugged her. Lily knew that she had had a magical day among her friendly new friends in the garden.Once upon a time, in a small country, there lived a kind dog named Spot. Spot was very tired because he helped everyone in the country. He did not mind helping his friends, but he needed to rest. One day, Spot met a wise old cat named Whiskers. Whiskers told Spot, You are a good dog, but you must rest too. If you are too tired, you cannot help your friends well. Spot listened to Whiskers and thought he was right. From that day on, Spot learned to take breaks and rest when he felt tired. He still helped his friends in the country, but he also took care of himself. And everyone was happy. The moral of the story is that it is good to help others, but you must also take care of yourself.Once upon a time, there was a selfish dog. He liked to order others around. He always wanted his own way. One day, the dog saw a bubble. It was so pretty and sparkly! He wanted it very much. He ordered the bubble to come to him, but the bubble just floated away. So the dog chased the bubble. He ran and he ran but he could not catch it. Everywhere the bubble went, the dog followed. He wanted the bubble for himself. At last, the bubble disappeared. The selfish dog was very sad. He learnt a lesson that day being mean and selfish doesnt get you very far.One day, Mina was very excited. She and her Grandma were going to cook together. Grandma pulled out all her supplies and set out a huge bowl. She began to mix together some ingredients, while Mina sat and watched. Im making loop mix, Grandma said. Whatâs that? Mina asked curiously. Grandma smiled. Youll see, she said. Mina watched intently as Grandma cooked. She added in some small loops and stirred it up. Then, Grandma pulled out some fake food. Mina was surprised. Grandma, why is your food fake? Grandma chuckled. Youll see, she said again. Mina waited in excitement, watching Grandma finish up her cooking. Grandma finished mixing, then carefully put the fake food on top. Finally, Grandma served it up. Mina saw the plate of colorful loops with fake food topping. She gasped and smiled. Grandma! You made a loop surprise!Lily and Ben like to play with their toy cars. They have many cars of different colors and sizes. They also have a big truck that can load and unload the cars. One day, they decide to have a race with their cars. They load some cars on the truck and drive it to the park. They find a nice spot with a hill and a path. They unload the cars and line them up at the top of the hill. Ready, set, go! Lily says, and they push their cars down the hill. The cars zoom and roll and bounce on the path. Some cars are fast and some are slow. Some cars are shiny and some are old. Lily and Ben cheer for their cars and laugh. But then, they hear a loud bark. A big dog is running towards them. The dog likes the cars too. He wants to play with them. He chases the cars and tries to catch them in his mouth. He knocks over some cars and makes them fly. Lily and Ben are scared. They love their cars. They dont want the dog to break them. They run to the truck and load their cars as fast as they can. They hop on the truck and drive away. The dog is sad. He just wanted to have fun. He barks and runs after the truck, but he cant catch it. He stops and sits on the hill. He is quiet and lonely. Lily and Ben are safe. They drive back to their home. They unload their cars and put them away. They hug each other and smile. They are happy. They have many cars of different styles. They also have a big truck that can load and unload the cars. They like to play with their cars. They also like to be quiet and cozy.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to draw and always carried her pencil with her. One day, she was drawing in the park when a big gust of wind came and shook the trees. Lilys pencil fell out of her hand and rolled away. Oh no, my pencil! cried Lily. A boy nearby heard her and asked, Whats wrong? I was careless and my pencil fell away, said Lily. Dont worry, Ill help you find it, said the boy. Together, they searched and searched until they found the pencil. Thank you so much, said Lily, giving him a big hug. No problem, Im happy to help, said the boy. From that day on, Lily always made sure to hold onto her pencil tightly, but she also knew that there were kind people around who would help her if she ever needed it.Once upon a time, there was a green television. It was a fun little thing. One day, something much bigger than the television came through the door. It was a giant yellow dog! The dog wanted to play with the television, so it started to pass it around the room, being very careful with it. The television did not like this game. It shouted stop! but the dog just kept on passing it around. The television was scared and didnt know what to do. Suddenly, help came. It was the man who lived in the house! He told the dog, No passing! That television is not a toy, it is for watching only. The dog listened and put the television down. He agreed to not pass it anymore. The television was happy and let out a sigh of relief. From that day on, the television felt safe in its house. It never passed again, and never had to worry about being passed around by the giant yellow dog.Jenny and John were walking in the park one day. They saw a machine and Jenny became excited. Lets play on it, said Jenny. John saw how competitive the machine was and said, Do you think you can beat it? Jenny smiled and said confidently, Yes, I can beat it. Watch me! But as soon as Jenny started playing, the machine started to make loud noises and lights flashed on it. As it got louder, Jenny got scared and ran away. John laughed and went to the machine. He played and beat it easily. Jenny was surprised and said, You really scared the machine!John was a little boy who loved to explore the outside world. One day he was playing in the garden when he noticed something black. He went to take a closer look and noticed it was dirty. He wanted to clean it so he grabbed a cloth and wiped it. With every wipe, the black thing started to look cleaner and cleaner. In the end, he had wiped it so much that he had made it look like new. John was so happy and proud of his accomplishment. He ran back inside to show his mom the shiny, clean thing he had found. His mom was so impressed with his work and she was very proud of him. John was so happy that he had made something clean and new!Once upon a time there were twin brothers. They were both very pale. Everyday, they would go outside and play together. After playing, they would come inside and have to wash. The first brother would take a shower and the other a bath. When they got out, they both felt so clean and fresh. Then they could play more. Later on at night, the twin boys would even brush their teeth before bed. They both seemed to enjoy brushing their teeth. Then, their teacher asked them about washing and said that it was very important to keep clean! Both the twins said yes, and proudly told her that they wash every single day. The teacher smiled in satisfaction, knowing that the twins understood how important it was to stay clean. The twins went on playing and being clean, happy together as ever.Anna was very happy. Today was her birthday. She had a big cake with candles and a pink dress. She wanted to play with her friends and open her presents. But her friends did not come. They had other things to do. They ignored Anna and her birthday. Anna was very sad. She did not understand why her friends did not like her. She cried and hugged her teddy bear. She wished she had a real friend who would not ignore her. She looked at her cake and did not want to eat it. Then she heard a knock on the door. She opened it and saw a big box with a bow. She did not know who sent it. She opened the box and saw a puppy. The puppy was brown and fluffy and had a collar with a tag. The tag said Happy birthday, Anna. I am your new friend. My name is Spot. Anna was very surprised. She had never seen a puppy like this before. It was unusual. But she liked it. She picked up the puppy and hugged it. The puppy licked her face and wagged its tail. Anna smiled and laughed. She forgot about her friends who ignored her. She had a new friend who loved her. She said Thank you, Spot. You are the best birthday present ever.Once upon a time, there was a little bird named Tim. Tim loved to soar high in the sky. One day, he saw a big ball of wool on the ground. Tim was very curious about it. Tim flew down to see the wool. He met a sheep named Sally. Sally said, That is my wool. I lost it when I was playing. Tim wanted to help Sally. He had an idea. I can take your wool back to you, said Tim. Tim tried to lift the wool with his beak, but it was too heavy. So, he thought of using a fake beak made of wood. He put the fake beak on and tried again. This time, he could lift the wool. Tim soared high with the wool and gave it back to Sally. Sally was very happy and thanked Tim. They became best friends and played together every day.Once upon a time there was a rabbit, named Benny. Benny loved to bounce up and down in the wide field near his home. He was so restless and full of energy! One day, Benny was hopping around the field, singing and jumping up and down when he heard a voice. He stopped and looked around, but he didnt see anything. Then he heard the voice again. Benny, its me! the voice said. Benny looked around some more and saw a little bird in a tree. Are you talking to me? Benny asked. Of course! the bird replied. My name is Betty and I was just watching you bounce around the wide field. It looks like you are having so much fun! Benny smiled and said, I sure am! I love bouncing around the field! Betty laughed and said, Then keep bouncing! Have fun! So Benny continued to jump and bounce around the wide field, enjoying the freedom and being as restless as ever.Once upon a time there was a beautiful bird called Fly. Fly was always looking for something special to do. One day, Fly decided to soar into a wardrobe. Inside, there was so much to explore! Fly flew over the different shelves and drawers to find all sorts of special things. At last, Fly found a sparkly gem. It was beautiful! Fly flew out of the wardrobe and back into the sky, taking the gem with her. Fly was so excited, she could hardly contain herself. Fly flew faster than ever, feeling the strong wind whistling through her feathers. The gem shone brighter with every beat of her wings. Fly soared higher and higher, with a wonderful feeling of joy in her heart.Once upon a time there was a nice bear called Bob. He had big fluffy ears and a warm, cuddly fur. One day Bob was walking through a forest, when he saw a rabbit on her shoulder. Bob said to the rabbit, Hi, Rabbit! Where are you going? The rabbit replied, Im going to my friends house to give them a nice surprise. Bob replied, Can I come with you? The Rabbit said, Sure! Jump on my shoulder and I will give you a ride. So Bob jumped onto the Rabbits shoulder and they set off, running through the forest until they arrived at their destination. As they arrived, Bob could see a bright yellow bird, a big gray elephant, and a fuzzy white rabbit all waiting at the door. The rabbit hopped off Bobs shoulder and proudly presented her friends with a basket of yummy treats. Everyone smiled and hugged the rabbit, thanking her for her wonderful gift. Bob smiled too and said, Nice job, Rabbit! Im sure your friends really appreciate the nice surprise.Today, Jake was playing in his room. He grabbed a small top from his toy box. Jake held the top and spun it around. He watched in amazement as it twirled, going faster and faster. Jakes mom came in the room and smiled at him. That looks like fun, she said. Yes! Look Mom! It spins! Jake said. Mom laughed. Yes, it sure does! But its getting late. Time for bed! Jake groaned. Aww, just a few more minutes? Mom smiled and shook her head. No, its time for bed. Maybe tomorrow you can play with your top again. Jake sighed. Okay, Mom. He put the small top back in the box and walked to his bed. As he climbed in, he though about how much fun he had spinning his top today.John and his dad were in the park. John noticed an old man with a fat gun. He asked his dad what it was. His dad told him it was a gun and it was very dangerous. He said you cant touch it. Then John said to the old man, Can you lend me your gun? The old man was surprised and said no. He said it was dangerous and not a toy. John was very sad he couldnt lend the gun. He went back to his dad and said he wanted to take the gun. His dad said no. He said it wasnt safe. He said maybe he could lend him something else. So John and his dad lent the old man some marbles and John was happy. They all smiled and said goodbye.Once upon a time, there was a mommy and a daddy who had a daughter. The daughter was very happy and loved to play with her toys. One day, the mommy and daddy told the daughter that they were going to take her to the park. The daughter was very excited and couldnt wait to go. But then, the mommy and daddy had to delay the trip to the park because it started to rain. The daughter was sad because she wanted to go to the park so badly. The mommy and daddy promised that they would take her to the park as soon as the rain stopped. After a while, the rain stopped and the mommy and daddy took the daughter to the park. But when they got there, they saw something weird. All the swings were missing! The daughter was confused and didnt understand why the swings were gone. The mommy and daddy explained that sometimes things can be weird and unexpected, but they can still have fun and play in other ways. And so, the daughter played on the slide and had a great time at the park.Once upon a time there was a girl named Lucy. She was a brave girl and loved to explore. One day, Lucy decided to climb the high hill. As she started to climb, Lucy got very muddy. She looked at the mud and decided she still wanted to go up the hill. At the peak, she saw a giant tree. The tree, bigger than Lucy had ever seen before, was full of ripe fruits. Lucy wanted to pick the fruits and started to climb the tree. But she was scared of falling. She was too high and thought she might get hurt. The wind was strong and it made the tree shake. Then a small bird came up to Lucy. He told her to trust in him and his wings. He said he could help her to the top. Lucy hesitated but finally trusted the small bird. With the birds help, Lucy was able to reach the fruits of the tree. She was so happy that she made it. Lucy thanked the little bird and they became friends.Once upon a time there was a bowl that was very important. It was blue and shiny and everyone wanted it. One day, a little girl named Sarah saw the bowl. She was so excited that she ran to get it. She reached out and brought it to her home. When the little girl went back to her mommy, she showed her the bowl. To her surprise, her mommy said, âœThatâs not your bowl, Sarah!â Sarah was very sad and started to cry. Her mommy explained, âœThis bowl is very important and you canât keep it. You must bring it back to where it belongs.â Sarah had to bring the bowl back to where she found it. That made her very sad, but she knew it was the right thing to do. The End.Once there was a patient squirrel. He liked to grab things and explore his world. One day, he grabbed a nut from a tree and went on his way. Suddenly, a big, red bird swooped down from the sky and grabbed the nut from the squirrel! The squirrel was very scared. He watched as the bird flew away with his nut. The squirrel was determined to get his nut back. He was patient and waited for the bird to come back. Finally, the bird returned and he dived at the squirrel with his powerful wings. This time, the squirrel was ready. He jumped high and grabbed the nut from the birds beak! The squirrel held the nut tightly and ran away. The bird was too big and slow to catch him! The squirrel was excited to have his nut back and thanked his patience for helping him succeed. From then on, he always was patient when he wanted to grab something new.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved going to her yellow class every day. Her teacher, Miss Daisy, was always kind and encouraged her to learn new things. One day, Lily was feeling shy and didnt want to participate in class. But Miss Daisy noticed and said, Lily, you can do it! I believe in you. This encouraged Lily to try her best and she ended up doing a great job. After class, Lilys mom picked her up and asked how her day was. Lily replied, It was good! Miss Daisy encouraged me and my class is so yellow! Her mom smiled and was happy to hear that Lily had a good day.Once there was a little girl named Sarah. She was three years old and loved to play with her bracelet. She wore it every day and never wanted to take it off. One day, Sarah decided to make a game from folding her bracelet. She would fold it over and over until it looked like a fan. Then she leaned on the wall, watching it flutter in the wind. Suddenly, she heard a voice behind her. Thats a great bracelet, Sarah. Where did you get it? Sarah turned around to see an old man with a long beard. She smiled at him and told him honestly, My mom gave it to me. The old man nodded and smiled. Then he said, Keep it, Sarah. It will remind you to always be honest. Sarah thanked the old man and hugged her bracelet tight. She was excited and happy to have such a special bracelet. From then on, she always remembered the old mans words and was honest.Lily likes to talk to her grandma, who lives far away. She misses her a lot. Sometimes, she calls her on the phone, but sometimes, she wants to show her something. Then, she uses her moms tablet to send her a message. One day, Lily draws a picture of a flower with many colors. She is very proud of it. She wants to share it with her grandma. She asks her mom to help her send a message with the picture. Mom, can you help me send a message to grandma? Lily says. Sure, honey. Let me see your picture. Its very pretty. Im sure grandma will love it. Mom says. Mom takes the tablet and opens the app. She helps Lily type Hi, grandma. I love you. This is a flower for you. She also attaches the picture. Then, she presses the send button. There, we sent your message. Now, we wait for grandma to reply. Mom says. Lily smiles and hugs her mom. She likes to send messages to grandma. She thinks its a modern way to talk. She hopes grandma will like her flower. She wonders what grandma will send back. Maybe a picture of her cat, or a story, or a song. She cant wait to see.Once upon a time, there was a big box. The box was in the east part of a room. The box was very special because it could fit many things inside it. One day, a little girl named Lily found the box. She was very excited to see what she could fit in the box. Lily tried to fit her toys in the box. She put her teddy bear, her ball, and her blocks inside. They all fit perfectly! Lily was very happy. She decided to put more things in the box, like her shoes and her hat. They fit too! One day, Lily found a lemon under the table. She thought it was a toy and put it in the box. Later, she took a bite of the lemon and it was very bitter! She made a funny face and laughed. Even though the lemon was bitter, Lily still loved her box and all the things that fit inside.Once upon a time, there was a cold night. Inside a house there was a door with a handle. A little girl came to the handle and she touched it. It was very cold. She said, Oh no! Its cold! Then she came back to the house and asked her mom for help. Her mom came outside and said, Let me try. She held the handle, and it was cold, too. So her mom said, I know the best thing to do. Lets put a cozy warm blanket on the handle so it will be warm when you come back later. The girl went and got a warm, cozy blanket, and she put it on the handle. Then she came back to the house. And when she came back later that night, the handle was nice and warm. She smiled and said, Thank you mommy! I love this warm handle!Once upon a time, there was a boy named Joe. Joe liked to play outside. One day, Joes mum said to him, Joe, its time to go inside. Lets go. Joe stepped inside his house, but he saw a strange thing! On the floor was an order that said Feed the doggy! Joe didnt know what to do. He asked his mum, What does that mean? Mum said, It means that you have to give some food to our doggy. Do you know how to do that? Joe nodded. He knew how to feed the doggy because his mum had taught him. He grabbed a bowl from the cupboard and then got the dog food from the shelf. He stepped into the garden and scooped some food into the bowl. Then he placed it in front of the doggy. The doggy loved it! He quickly ate it all up. Mum said, Listen to orders, Joe. They can be useful. Joe smiled. He was glad he listened to his mums order.Shelly had an oat. It was round like a ball. She wanted to show her mom. She ran to the kitchen. Mom! Look at my oat! Shelly said. Mom paused for a moment and smiled. Thats nice, Shelly, she said. Shelly was so excited. She wanted to take her oat outside and play. She ran to the door but it was closed. Shelly was a bit fearful. She didnt know how to open it. Oat rolled to the door. Suddenly it opened! Shellys mom was behind it. She had opened it and watched the whole time. You see, Shelly, she said, you can open the door, you just have to try. Shelly beamed with pride. With her oat in tow she ran joyfully outside.Once upon a time, there was a bunny named Bindu. Bindu liked to speed around in circles. He was fast like the wind! He loved to zip around so much that he made a loop all around the garden. One day, Bindu was confused. His loop had gone too far and he was now in a strange place. He stopped and looked around. He was ashamed. Suddenly, he heard a voice. It was a friendly voice, it was a voice he recognized. It was his friend, Bobo the bear. Bobo had come to find him and bring him home. Bindu hopped over to Bobo and Bobo smiled. Bindu said he was sorry for running so fast and making a loop. Bobo said it was ok and they both laughed. Then they went home, not too fast, but not too slow. They were happy to be together again.Tom and Lily like to play in the park. They run and jump and swing and slide. They have fun and get good exercise. One day, they see a big dog in the park. The dog is black and furry and has a loud bark. Tom and Lily are scared of the dog. They think the dog will chase them and bite them. They run away from the dog and hide behind a tree. They hug each other and hope the dog will go away. They hear the dog barking and running around the park. But then, they hear another voice. It is a man. He says, Rex, come here, boy. Good dog, Rex. Where are you, Rex? Tom and Lily peek from behind the tree. They see the man with a leash and a ball. He is looking for the dog. He is the dogs owner. The dog sees the man and runs to him. He wags his tail and licks his face. He is happy to see the man. He is not a bad dog. He is a friendly dog. The man sees Tom and Lily behind the tree. He smiles and waves at them. He says, Hi, kids. Do you want to play with Rex? He is a good dog. He likes to play fetch and give kisses. He wont hurt you. He just wants to have fun. Tom and Lily look at each other. They are not scared anymore. They are curious. They come out from behind the tree and walk to the man and the dog. They pet the dog and throw the ball for him. They laugh and play with him. They make a new friend. They learn that the dog is not scary. He is good. They have more fun and get more exercise. They are happy.Once upon a time, there was a yellow bird named Sunny. Sunny loved to eat sugar. One day, Sunny found a big bag of sugar in the kitchen. She was so happy! Sunny wanted to eat the sugar, but the bag was closed. She tried to break the bag with her beak. I need help, said Sunny. So, she asked her friend, a little mouse named Momo, to help her. Momo came running to help Sunny. I can break the bag for you! said Momo. He used his sharp teeth to open the bag. Sunny and Momo shared the sugar and had a sweet, yummy day. They were very happy and thanked each other for the help.Once upon a time, there was a little girl called Sarah who loved puzzles. One day, her mommy and daddy bought her a big, expensive puzzle. Sarah was so excited and quickly opened the box. She wanted to start doing the puzzle right away. She carefully took out all the pieces and scattered them around the floor. Her mommy looked at her and said, Sarah, do you know what puzzles are for? Sarah nervously nodded as her eyes lit up. Thats right, said her mommy. Puzzles are for putting together, not scattering. Can you help me put it together? Sarah smiled and quickly got to work. Together, Sarah and her mommy put the pieces into place one by one, until the expensive puzzle was finally completed. Sarah proudly looked at her puzzle and smiled. The end.Once upon a time there was a shy bird that lived in its birdcage. It enjoyed singing but it never had the courage to sing outside. One day, the bird saw a butterfly zoom past it. The bird became so excited that it found the courage to open its wings and zoom outside too. The little bird was so amazed by what it saw outside. It saw so many new things. But after a while, the bird felt a bit scared and so it started zooming back to its birdcage. When it got back, the bird met its best friend, a cat. The cat asked the bird, Where have you been? You were gone for so long! The bird replied, I zoomed outside. I saw so many new things and I wanted to explore, but I was a bit shy, so I came back. The cat said, Thats okay. You dont have to be scared. Come outside again when youre ready. Ill be here waiting for you. The bird smiled and said, Okay, I think I will! Then the two friends said goodbye, and the bird zoomed back out to explore.Bob was feeling very nervous. He had a long walk ahead of him. But he was excited too, because he had a special surprise at the end of the walk. Every few steps he walked, Bob looked up. There was something special hanging in the sky. He could not see it, but he knew what it was and he was excited. When they finally arrived at their destination, Bob was even more nervous. He was glad his surprise was near. As they walked through the door, they saw the surprise hanging on the wall. Bobs eyes widened and he shouted, A treasure map, I cant believe it!. They had arrived at Bobs house and the treasure map was hanging right in the middle. Bob was overwhelmed with excitement and was so happy to find the map. He had been nervous about the long walk, but it was worth it. Bob and his friends started their adventure to find the treasure. They were happy and had lots of fun. This was the best surprise ever!Once upon a time, there was a strong bear named Honey. Honey loved to explore, so he decided to take a long walk. He walked and walked until he reached a big hill. He climbed to the top of the hill, but the climb was difficult. He kept going until he finally reached the top. At the top of the hill, Honey saw the most beautiful sight. He saw a huge bee buzzing around a pile of sweet honey! He was so excited and he couldnt wait to taste it. He took a big scoop of the honey and it tasted just as good as it looked. But as he was eating, he heard an angry buzzing noise. There were hundreds of bees flying around him and they did not look happy. Honey knew he had to get away quickly or else he would be in trouble! He ran down the hill faster than he ever had before. Luckily, he was faster than the bees and made it back to the bottom of the hill. He was safe. The strong bear celebrated by eating even more sweet honey, until at last he was satisfied. After that, Honey ended his adventures and went home.Once upon a time, there was a large nail. The nail lived in a big box with other nails. They all wanted to become useful and help people. One day, a little girl named Lucy found the large nail. She picked it up and said, Hi, nail! I will use you to hang my pretty picture on the wall. The nail was very happy to become useful. Lucy took the nail and hit it with a hammer. The nail went into the wall, and Lucy hung her picture. The nail said, Thank you, Lucy! I am happy to help you. And they lived happily ever after.One day, a little boy named Tim went for a walk. It was an icy cold day, so he wore his big coat and hat. As he walked, he liked to listen to the sounds around him. He heard birds singing and dogs barking. Tim saw his friend, Sue, playing in the park. Hi, Sue! he said. Do you want to play with me? Sue smiled and said, Yes, lets play! They played on the swings and the slide, laughing and having fun. As they played, Tim saw an ashtray on a bench. He didnt know what it was, so he asked Sue. Thats an ashtray, she said. People put their yucky stuff in there. Tim nodded and said, We should not touch it. They continued to play and enjoy the icy day, listening to the sounds around them.One day Red was very eager to go out and play. He asked his mom if he could go outside. His mom warned him to be careful, but Red didnt listen. Red saw a pond nearby and he went over to it. He wanted to see the fish swimming in the water. But there was something Red didnt know the pond was very deep. Red stepped into the pond and he quickly sank down. He started to cry and shouted for his mom. His mom heard him and rushed over. She warned him again and then grabbed Red out of the water. Red felt sad and promised himself to never ignore his moms warnings again. From then on he was very careful every year.Once upon a time there lived a small mouse. Every night, the mouse would blink its eyes in the moonlight and hop through the night. One night, the mouse stopped and sniffed the air. He could smell something heavy, like cheese. He hopped closer to investigate and found a big wedge of cheese! The mouse was thrilled. âœOh my!â the mouse said to himself. âœThis cheese looks heavy! I dont think I can carry it alone.â Just then, the mouse blinked as a big brave cat came around the corner. He stopped to watch the mouse and the cheese. The mouse scurried to the cat and said, âœPlease help me carry this heavy cheese. Ill give you some if you help me.â The cat agreed and the two of them carried the cheese away, sharing it as they went. The mouse and the cat became good friends and shared the cheese every night from then on.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily who loved to play with her toys. One day, she was playing with her dolls when her little brother, Max, came in and started to scatter her toys all over the room. Lily got very upset and said, Max, why did you scatter my toys? Thats not nice! Max didnt know what to say, so he just shrugged his shoulders. Suddenly, there was a big earthquake and everything started shaking. Lily and Max held onto each other tightly and waited for it to stop. When it was over, they looked around and saw that their toys were scattered even more than before. Lily started to cry because she was so proud of how she had organized her toys, but Max just laughed and said, Look at all the fun we can have now! Lily realized that Max didnt mean to be mean, he just wanted to play with her. They spent the rest of the day playing together and cleaning up their toys, and they were both very proud of themselves for being good siblings.Once upon a time, there was a big blueberry. The blueberry lived in a forest. The blueberry was very happy. One day, a little bird came to the forest. The bird was hungry and wanted to eat the blueberry. The blueberry did not want to be eaten. It became angry. The bird tried to eat the blueberry, but the blueberry yelled, No! The bird was scared and flew away. Later, the bird came back with a friend. They both wanted to eat the blueberry. The blueberry yawned and said, I am too big for you to eat. The birds thought about it and decided the blueberry was right. They became friends and played in the forest together.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lizzie. She was only three years old, but she was very clever. One day, Lizzies mom took her to the grocery store. When they got to the store, Lizzie was very excited because she had never seen anything like it before. Lizzie saw a big pile of new apples. She wanted to pick one. Lizzies mom told her to be careful. Be sure to pick the one with a label that is sharp and new, Mom said. Lizzie touched each one of the apples until she found one that was sharp and had a bright new label on it. She grabbed it and smiled. The moral of this story is that it is important to take care and be careful when making decisions. When you make sure that something is sharp and new, you can trust that it is the best choice.Jack was skipping through the park, feeling happy and carefree. Suddenly, he spotted a shiny fork lying on the grass. He was a very honest little boy, and he decided it must belong to someone. He carefully picked it up and started looking for its owner. He asked a lady he saw nearby, Do you know who the fork belongs to? The lady smiled at Jack and said, No, I dont. You must find the honest person who it belongs to. Jack nodded and continued on his way, skipping and searching for the forks owner. He soon met a man sitting on a nearby bench. He asked the man if it was his fork, but the man shook his head. Finally, Jack ran into a little girl playing in the playground. He asked her if the fork was hers and her face lit up. Yes it is! she exclaimed. Thats my special fork! Thank you so much for being honest and finding it! Jack was so pleased to have helped and he smiled as he watched the little girl skip away with her fork.Once upon a time there was a big, thick tree. Every day a little bird sat at the top of the tree. The bird liked to sing its song and play in the leaves. One day, the bird was singing so loud, it shook the leaves and branches of the tree. Suddenly, the tree split in two! The bird was very scared and flew away as fast as it could. The tree was now two parts instead of one. One part had zero leaves on it and the other part had lots of leaves. The bird didnt return to the tree anymore. It went to a different tree with more leaves to sing and play in. But, it still remembered the big, thick tree it used to visit every day.Once upon a time, a little girl named Lily was very excited to go to the park with her mommy. They packed a picnic basket with yummy snacks and drinks. When they arrived at the park, they saw a police car and a man in handcuffs. Lily asked her mommy, Why is that man in jail? Her mommy explained that sometimes people do bad things and they have to stay in jail as a punishment. Lily felt sad for the man, but she was still excited to play in the park. She ran around and had fun on the swings and slide. When it was time to go home, Lily said, Mommy, can we come back to the park tomorrow? Her mommy replied, Sure, we can stay here as long as we want.Once upon a time there was a little bear who had a very special job. His job was to organize the garden. Every morning he got up early and went to work. He put things in order and did his best to create a beautiful structure. One day there was a big surprise waiting for him in the garden. A rich grandmother lived nearby and had dropped off a basket of treats for the bear. Inside the basket there were cookies and cake, apples and candy. The bear was so excited and couldnt believe his luck. He thanked the grandmother with a big smile. The bear sat in the garden eating his treats and was so happy. He knew he had to organize the grannys gift. He tried to figure out what the best way to set everything up was. He finally decided to make the biggest apples into a pile and the cookies into a square. The bear was so proud of his work. When the grandmother came back to check on the bear, she said Oh my! What a beautiful and rich structure youve organized. Great job! The little bear was so happy to hear his work had been appreciated. He promised to organize the garden even better the next day. And thats how the little bear spent each day making the garden look even better and more organized.Once there was a little girl named Lucy. She was three years old, and she loved to explore. One day, Lucy and her mom went to the beach. At the beach, they saw a big boat. Lucy wanted to go on the boat, but her mom said no. Lucy began to cry out of frustration. Her mom felt so bad and hugged her daughter. The mom then had a thoughtful idea. She knew there was another boat in the harbour, so she suggested they go and show it to Lucy. After a few minutes of walking, the mom and Lucy reached the harbour. The boat was amazing! It was much smaller and Lucy could explore it without her moms help. She was so excited and thanked her mom for the thoughtful suggestion. Lucy thought it was the best day ever!Once upon a time, there was a little bunny. The bunny liked to hop and play in the grass. One day, the bunny found a big squash. It was so big that the bunny could not carry it. The bunny felt helpless and did not know what to do. Then, a kind farmer came by and saw the bunny. The farmer let the bunny know that he could help. The farmer picked up the squash and gave it to the bunny. The bunny was so happy and grateful for the farmers help. From that day on, the bunny and the farmer became good friends. They would play and have fun in the grass together. And whenever the bunny found a big squash, the farmer would always be there to help.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Sarah. She loved to play in the park and have loads of fun. One day, while Sarah was playing in the park, she saw something colorful. She ran and picked up a fake soap. It had lots of glitter, and Sarah thought it was so pretty. Sarah wanted to take it home, but it changed when she touched it. Her hand was suddenly all soapy. She wondered how the soap had changed so quickly. Sarah kept the soap and began playing with it. She pretended it was a doll and she even named it Sparkle. Sarah was so happy that she had found something new to play with. As she was playing, Sarah realized that the soap smelled so nice. She smiled and hugged it. She knew that her new friend wasnt fake at all. The End.Once upon a time there was a magical creature with purple wings, who loved to give massages. The creature was so special that when it gave a massage, it made things freeze. Anything around the creature that received the massage would freeze too! One day, a little girl received one of these magic massages. Her eyes went big and she couldnt move. Everything around her had frozen, including her friends. The little girl was so excited, she laughed and shouted, Funny magic! The magical creature said, You can unfreeze it all with a magical word. Think of a special word and say it out loud to make everything move again. The little girl thought very carefully. Then she smiled, and with a wave of her hand she yelled, Unfreeze! Everything around her unfroze, and started moving again. Her friends were so happy, they hugged her and the magical creature! The little girl smiled and thanked the magical creature for the special massage. She was so happy she had experienced such a magical thing.One day, a little girl named Lily went to the park. It was a quiet day, and the sun was shining. Lily liked to catch things, like bugs and leaves. Today, she wanted to catch something new. Lily saw a butterfly. It was very pretty, with many colors on its wings. She wanted to catch the butterfly and keep its image in her mind. She ran after it, trying to be quiet so she would not scare it away. The butterfly flew away, but Lily did not give up. She followed it until it landed on a flower. Lily reached out and caught the butterfly. She looked at its beautiful image and smiled. Then, she let it go, so it could fly and be free.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to travel with his mommy and daddy. One day, they went to the airport and Timmy saw a big board with lots of names on it. Look, mommy! That board has lots of names on it! Timmy said. Yes, Timmy. That board tells us which airplane to go on, mommy said. Suddenly, a grumpy man came up to them. Youre in my way. Move! he said. Timmy felt sad because the grumpy man was mean. They got on the airplane and Timmy tried to make friends with the grumpy man, but he just grumbled. When they got off the airplane, they found out that their luggage was lost. Timmy was sad because he lost his favorite toy. The grumpy man just walked away without helping. Timmy felt very sad and wished the grumpy man was nicer.One day, there was a little girl walking in the sunshine. It was very warm and she felt very lucky to be outside. Suddenly, a strong wind blew and the girl started to shiver. She hugged her arms and ran to her house. She was cold, but she was happy that the sun still shone. When the little girl opened the door, she saw something was really special inside there was a warm fire! She ran to the fireplace and held her hands up to the heat. It was so comfortable and cosy that she began to smile. The sun may have been hiding behind the clouds, but the little girl was still lucky. She was warm and safe in her own home, and that made her feel very happy.Once there was a fair girl named Lucy who wanted to take a surprise on a journey. She asked her mom for help and together they started to unpack their car. It was getting dark outside, so Lucys mom packed a lantern. Lucy was excited to see what was inside the box. She eagerly opened it and found a toy horse. She smiled and hugged it tight, excited to take it on her journey. Later they packed the toy horse, the lantern and many other things. Soon they were ready to start their adventure. As they drove away, Lucy smilled, happy to take her surprise with her.Anna and Ben love to play with blocks. They like to make stacks of different colors and shapes. Sometimes they pretend they are building ancient castles or towers. One day, they found a big box of blocks in the attic. They were very happy and excited. They took the box to their room and opened it. Inside, there were many blocks they had never seen before. They were old and dusty, but very beautiful. They had letters and pictures on them. Wow, look at these blocks! Anna said. They are so pretty. I wonder what they say. Maybe they are from a long time ago, Ben said. Maybe they are ancient blocks. Lets make a stack with them. They started to sort the blocks by color and shape. They found some that were red and square, some that were blue and round, some that were yellow and starry, and some that were green and triangular. They also found some that were white and had no shape at all. They decided to make a stack with the white blocks first. They put them one on top of another, trying to balance them. They made a very tall stack that reached the ceiling. Look, we made an ancient tower! Anna said. Its so high. I wonder what it means. Maybe its a secret code, Ben said. Maybe it tells a story. Do you want to hear it? Yes, please, Anna said. Ben looked at the blocks and made up a story. He said, Once upon a time, there was a king and a queen who lived in an ancient castle. They had many blocks like these, and they used them to write messages to each other. They loved each other very much, and they always said I love you with the blocks. They put them on their pillows, on their tables, on their walls, and on their roofs. They made stacks of love everywhere. They were very happy and lived for a long time. Anna clapped her hands and said, Thats a beautiful story, Ben. I love it. And I love you, too. She hugged him and said, You are my best friend. They smiled and looked at their stack of love. They felt very happy and proud. They decided to make more stacks with the other blocks, and to tell more stories. They played for a long time, until their mom called them for dinner. They put the blocks back in the box and carried it downstairs. They thanked their mom for the blocks and told her about their ancient tower. She smiled and said, Im glad you had fun. And I love you, too.Once upon a time, there was a little train. The train loved to go to the park. It liked to see the kids play and hear them laugh. One day, the train saw a new, unknown friend at the park. The unknown friend was big and blue. The train wanted to say hi to the unknown friend. It went up to the big blue friend and said, Hi! I am a train. I like the park. Do you like the park too? The big blue friend smiled and said, Hi train! I am a bus. I like the park too. We can be friends and play together. So, the train and the bus played together at the park. They had lots of fun. The kids at the park liked to watch the train and the bus play. They all became friends and had many happy days at the park.Lily likes to pick flowers. She likes to pick yellow flowers best. They are bright and pretty. She has a basket to put them in. She wants to give them to her mom. One day, she goes to the park with her dad. She sees many yellow flowers there. She runs to pick them. She does not see the sign that says Do not pick the flowers. She does not see the animal that lives in the flowers. The animal is a bee. It is yellow and black. It does not like Lily picking its flowers. It gets angry. It flies out of the flower and stings Lily on her hand. Lily cries out loud. It hurts a lot. Her dad hears her cry and runs to her. He sees the bee and the flowers. He sees the sign. He is not happy. He picks up Lily and takes her to the car. He says they have to go home. He says Lily was bad. He says she has to say sorry to the bee and the flowers. Lily feels sad and sorry. She does not want to pick flowers anymore. She wants to hug her mom and make her hand feel better. She learns a lesson. She will not pick flowers that are not hers. She will be careful of animals that can hurt her. She will listen to signs and her dad. The end.Ella was a little bird who loved to fly. She liked to soar high in the sky and feel the wind on her wings. She had many friends who flew with her, like Tom the sparrow and Lily the dove. They played games and sang songs in the air. One day, Ella saw a big tree with a long trunk. She was curious and wanted to see what was inside. She flew closer and saw a hole in the trunk. She heard a deep voice say, Who is there? Ella was scared and flew away. Who was that? Tom asked her. I dont know. It sounded like a big animal, Ella said. Maybe it was a bear or a lion, Lily said. Or maybe it was a wise owl, Tom said. They live in trees and know many things. Ella wondered if Tom was right. She wanted to meet a wise owl and learn from him. She decided to go back to the tree and say hello. She flew to the hole and said, Hello, Im Ella. Are you a wise owl? There was silence for a moment. Then the voice said, No, Im not a wise owl. Im a hungry snake. And you are my lunch. Ella was shocked and frightened. She tried to fly away, but the snake was faster. He stretched out his head and grabbed Ella with his teeth. He pulled her into the trunk and swallowed her whole. Tom and Lily saw what happened and cried. They flew away and told the other birds to stay away from the tree. They learned a sad lesson not everyone who lives in a tree is wise or friendly. Some are mean and dangerous.Once upon a time, there was a reliable dog who liked to pull things. He loved to pull all kinds of things, like sticks, logs, and anything else he could find. One day, he went to the park, pulled a stick and started to itch. He was so itchy that he kept on scratching himself all over the park. He even tried to pull his collar off because it was so itchy. Finally, he found a tiny hole in the ground and he decided to jump in it. He figured he could itch away from everyone, so he started to scratch, pull and squirm. When he finished all of his itches, the reliable dog jumped out of the hole and back into the park. He was a very relieved and happy pup who learned an important lesson that day never scratch an itch in public!Once upon a time, there was a big mountain called a volcano. The volcano was very restless and made loud noises. The people who lived nearby were scared of the volcano. They did not want it to erupt and make hot lava come out. One day, a brave boy named Timmy decided to climb up the volcano. He wanted to see what was inside. As he climbed higher and higher, he felt scared because the volcano was shaking. But he kept going until he reached the top. When he got to the top, Timmy looked inside and saw red hot lava. It was very bright and made him feel scared. He quickly climbed back down and told everyone what he saw. They were very thankful to Timmy for being so brave and warned others to stay away from the restless volcano.Sam was walking down to the church. He felt excited. He wanted to get a good view of the rolling hills. When he got there, he climbed up the steps to the door. Good morning! said the churchkeeper. Sam smiled. Hello, he said. The churchkeeper opened the door and Sam stepped inside. But as he went in, he noticed an awful smell. It was smelly. Sam quickly left the church and started to roll down the hill. He was having fun. But then, he heard a loud noise. He looked up and saw that the church was tumbling down behind him. The churchkeeper was screaming. Sam was scared. The church was not only smelly, but it was now destroyed. Sam kept rolling until he was safe. He was very sad. The church was gone.Lily and Ben were playing on the beach. They liked to make sand castles and dig holes. They also liked to wave at the boats and the birds. Sometimes they found shells and stones and put them in their buckets. One day, they saw a big boat with a wide sail. It was white and blue and had a flag on it. Lily and Ben waved at the boat and hoped it would wave back. But the boat did not wave back. It came closer and closer to the shore. Look, Ben, the boat is coming to us! Lily said. Maybe they have sugar for us! Ben said. He liked sugar very much. He wanted to eat some sugar with his sand cake. But when the boat reached the land, Lily and Ben saw that it was not a nice boat. It was a pirate boat! The pirates had swords and hooks and eye patches. They jumped off the boat and ran to the beach. They saw Lily and Ben and their buckets. Arrr, what have we here? Some little landlubbers with treasure! one pirate said. Give us your buckets, or well make you walk the plank! another pirate said. Lily and Ben were scared. They did not want to give their buckets. They did not want to walk the plank. They did not want to see the pirates. They wanted to run away. Help, help! they cried. But no one heard them. The pirates grabbed their buckets and laughed. They dumped the shells and stones on the sand and looked for gold and jewels. But they did not find any. They only found sand and more sand. These buckets are full of sand! Where is the treasure? one pirate said. Maybe they hid it somewhere else! another pirate said. Lets find it! Come on, mates, lets search the beach! the first pirate said. The pirates left the buckets and ran to look for treasure. They did not see Lily and Ben, who were hiding behind a big rock. They waited until the pirates were far away. Then they ran to their buckets and picked them up. They ran to their mom and dad, who were sitting on a blanket. They told them what happened. Mom, dad, the pirates took our buckets and looked for treasure, but they only found sand! Lily said. They were mean and scary and they did not wave back! Ben said. Mom and dad hugged them and said they were brave and smart. They said they were sorry that the pirates took their buckets, but they were glad that they were safe. They said they would buy them new buckets and more shells and stones. They said they would also buy them some sugar for their sand cake. Lily and Ben smiled and said thank you. They were happy to have their mom and dad. They did not like the pirates. They hoped they would never see them again. They ate some sugar and made a new sand castle. They waved at the boats and the birds. And they hoped that someone would wave back.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. He had a blue bicycle that he loved to ride. One day, he planned to ride his bicycle to the park. He was very excited. On his way to the park, he saw a big dog. The dog barked loudly and scared Tim. Tim did not know what to do. He wanted to go to the park, but the dog was in the way. Tim had an idea. He went back home and got a ball. He threw the ball far away, and the dog ran to get it. Tim quickly rode his blue bicycle to the park. He had so much fun playing there.Once there was a brave little mouse called Monty. One day he went on an adventure. He said to himself, I am so brave! I will have a great time exploring the world. Monty journeyed for a very long time. As he explored, he faced many challenges including a big, slippery rock. How can I get over that? Monty asked himself. Then something exciting happened. He noticed a rope tied around a nearby tree and it had a way to balance across the rock. Monty stood on the rope and was very brave. He balanced all the way across the slippery rock. When he reached the other side he was so happy and his excitement echoed throughout the meadow. He said to himself, I am so brave! I knew I could do it!Once upon a time, there was a little girl. She was very happy and filled with glee. She loved going out to pick oranges from the trees. One day, when she was picking oranges, she heard a strange noise. It sounded like a cheering crowd saying the word, Welcome! The little girl was so excited that she quickly ran towards the sound. When she arrived, she saw a big, orange tree with lots of sour oranges. The little girl was so happy that she welcomed the orange tree with a big smile. She thanked it for the delicious oranges and quickly picked many of them. The little girl then went home with her bag full of sour oranges. She shared the oranges with her family and everyone was so happy. The little girl will forever remember to welcome the orange tree whenever she visited it.Once upon a time, there was a silly prince who loved to drink juice. He drank so much juice that he got sick. His mommy said, Prince, you need to drink water instead. Juice is not good for you. But the prince did not listen. He kept drinking juice and got sicker and sicker. One day, he had to go to the doctor. The doctor said, Prince, you need to stop drinking juice. It is not good for you. The silly prince finally listened and started drinking water. He felt much better and learned that too much of anything is not good for you. The moral of the story is to listen to your mommy and the doctor, and to drink water instead of too much juice.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to eat cereal for breakfast every morning. One day, her mom gave her a bowl of cereal that tasted very harsh. Lily didnt like it at all, but she didnt want to hurt her moms feelings, so she ate it all up. After breakfast, Lily went to play in the park with her friends. They ran around and played tag, but Lily started to feel tired. She sat down on a bench and tried to relax. Suddenly, she remembered the harsh cereal and felt sick. Her friends noticed she wasnt feeling well and asked if she wanted to go home. Lily nodded and her friends helped her walk back home. When she got there, her mom asked her how she was feeling. Lily told her about the harsh cereal and her mom apologized. She gave Lily a new bowl of cereal that tasted much better and helped her relax on the couch until she felt better. From then on, Lily always made sure to tell her mom if she didnt like something, so she wouldnt have to eat anything harsh again.Once there was a nosy rabbit. The rabbit wanted to know what was happening everywhere. One day, the rabbit decided to get some food from an old farmers pitch. The rabbit hopped over to the farmers pitch and started eating the delicious food. But the farmer was mad. The farmer shouted and chased the rabbit away. The rabbit learned an important lesson it is wrong to get things that do not belong to you. The rabbit was so sad and realized how nosy it had been. From then on, the rabbit tried to be less nosy and to be honest and kind.Once upon a time, there was a little girl called Gina. She was so excited, because today she was going to the beach. On the way, she was looking for something to unlock. She passed a garden with a playful little rabbit, hopping around. Suddenly, she found a key, lying on the ground. Gina picked up the key and ran to the beach. She was so happy that she could unlock something there. On the beach, she saw lots of little shells and colourful fish swimming around in the sea. She quickly ran to the sea, ready to unlock an adventure. Gina started exploring the beach, splashing in the water, building fun little castles and eating some delicious icecream. She had a very playful day at the beach and made lots of wonderful memories. When the day was over, Gina went home with all of her new treasures. She was very excited to come back and have another fun adventure at the beach.Once upon a time there was a grumpy old motor. He was always grumbling and didnt like anything anyone said. One day he was driving around the town, when suddenly he scared a small, threeyearold boy. The little boy had been walking near the motor and it had made him jump. The motor stopped and said, Why did you scare me?. The little boy replied timidly, Im sorry. I didnt mean to scare you. The motor just harrumphed and drove away. The little boy looked after it sadly. He had only wanted to be friendly, but the grumpy old motor wouldnt give him a chance.Once upon a time there were two special people who really loved each other. One day they decided to get married. It was an important day for both of them. They were calling it the Big Day. On Big Day, they both put on new clothes. After that, they went to the special place where lots of their family and friends were. One of the family members said to them âœAre you ready?â They both nodded their heads and smiled. Then everyone started pulling, first the bride and then the groom. Everyone was very happy and laughing. Big Day was a lot of fun and it was an important moment for them. Now they are married and living happily ever after.Once upon a time there was a family. They were very happy and had a peaceful life. One day the mother decided to buy them an automobile. The automobile was very big and shiny. All three family members were so excited to go on a ride in it. The first time they took it to the park. It was a very sunny day and they were able to enjoy the ride very much. In the park they went on the swings, slides and even spoiled their mom with an ice cream! After that, they took the automobile to the beach. It was so peaceful there and they enjoyed it a lot. They made a sandcastle and soaked up the sun rays in the sun. The family had so much fun in their new automobile. It gave them many fun and peaceful memories.Once upon a time, there was a big lion named Leo. He lived in the jungle with his friends. One day, Leo went hunting for food. He saw a big tray of fruits but he didnt want to share it with his friends. As he was about to eat, his friend, a little bird named Tweety, flew by and said, Leo, sharing is caring. Dont be selfish. Leo felt bad and realized that Tweety was right. He decided to share the fruits with his friends. From that day on, Leo became a loyal friend and always shared his food with his friends. They all lived happily ever after in the jungle. The moral of the story is that its important to share and be loyal to your friends.Once there was a bossy little figure named Jenny. She was playing in the park one day when she stumbled and fell down. She started to cry, feeling embarrassed, and a kind old lady came over to help her. The kind old lady said, Dont be afraid, Jenny. Everyone stumbles now and then. Whats important is that you get back up, dust yourself off and keep going. Thats how you learn and grow. Jenny thought about what the old lady said. She then took a deep breath and got herself back up. She was feeling brave and proud of herself. At the end of the day, Jenny learned that it was okay to stumble as long as she never gave up. The moral of the story is that everyone makes mistakes, but its okay to make them as long as you learn from them and keep trying.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. Jack loved to explore new places! One day, he decided he wanted to go to a restaurant. He made a plan to go to the restaurant. On the way to the restaurant, Jack got scared. He saw many big buildings and thought he was lost. He started to cry, but then he saw the restaurant. It was so big and full of people! Jack was very excited. When Jack arrived at the restaurant, the waiter greeted him. Jack was very happy and ordered his food. The food was yummy and Jack enjoyed his meal. After he finished his food, he decided to explore the restaurant some more. Jack walked around and saw many things he liked. He saw giant statues and bright lights. He even spotted a cupcake! He was so excited, he started running around the restaurant making funny noises. The people in the restaurant smiled when they saw Jack having fun. After a while, Jack got tired and he said goodbye to the waiter. He was so excited to tell everyone at home about his restaurant adventure.Lily likes to sign. She knows many signs with her hands. She can sign hello, thank you, dog, and more. She likes to sign with her friends at school. They have fun talking with their hands. One day, Lilys teacher has a surprise. She says they will learn a new sign. It is a sign for song. She shows them how to make the sign. They have to put their hands near their mouth and move them like they are singing. Lily thinks it is a fun sign. The teacher says they will sign a song together. She puts on some music and starts to sign. Lily and her friends follow her. They sign the words of the song. They also sing with their voices. They enjoy the music and the signs. They feel happy and proud. Lily thinks signing is smart. She can say many things with her hands. She can also learn new things with her signs. She likes to sign songs with her teacher and her friends. She thinks signing is fun.Once upon a time, there were two birds. One bird was small and the other bird was big. The small bird sang and sang every day. The big bird watched and listened. The small bird wanted to be wide, like the big one. So it practiced and sang harder and harder. One day, the big bird said, Little bird, fly wide. Go above the clouds and you will be happy. So the small bird followed the big bird. He flew and flew high and wide. The wind was cold, but he sang louder and louder until he broke through the white clouds. The small bird saw that all birds, big and small, could be wide. On top of the clouds, all the birds sang together. The moral of the story is never give up on your dreams. If you keep trying, you can be wide too.Once upon a time, there lived a very patient patient whale. Everyday he sailed in the vast sea looking for food. But his mission was not just to eat, it was to collect anchors. He wanted to make a very special collection of anchors because it was his dream. One day he found a beautiful anchor. He was so happy! He swam faster, and faster until he reached it. With all of his strength, he grabbed it, and tucked it into his special collection. Completely exhausted, the patient whale looked at the anchorage. He was so proud of what he had collected. He thought it was the best collection ever! He lay down in the water, with satisfaction and smiled. The patient whale was so proud of himself. He had worked hard for his special collection and it had paid off. He had collected a wonderful new anchor which would definitely be the highlight of his collection.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy who had a pet dog named Max. Max was an ordinary dog, but Timmy loved him very much. One day, Timmy and Max went to a restaurant. The waiter came to their table and asked, What can I serve you today? Timmy looked at Max and said, Can Max have some water, please? The waiter smiled and brought Max a bowl of water. After they finished their meal, Timmy asked Max, Did you like the food? Max barked happily, which Timmy took as a sign that he did. They went home and cuddled together, happy to have spent the day together.Once there was a little girl called Amy who wanted to try something new. She decided to make some yummy cookies. She went to the kitchen and took out a big bowl. Then she got some butter, sugar, and flour. She stirred them together with a spoon. Next, she got out an eraser and cut it into small pieces. She added the eraser pieces and stirred them also. They made the cookies smell really nice. She put the cookie dough on a pan and put it into the oven. She waited and waited until the cookies were ready. When she took them out, they looked delicious! Amy took them to a party and the others thought they were amazing. But nobody knew that the secret ingredient was an eraser! They were the most expensive cookies ever.Once upon a time there was a big cardboard box in the living room. Inside was a 3 year old called Jack. Jack was so excited to play in the box! He was jumping and bouncing around, making the most of his fun. Mom came into the room and picked up the box. Where are we going? Jack asked. Were going to the park, Jack, said Mom. On the way to the park, Jack asked, Whats going to be at the park? Youll just have to wait and see! said Mom. They arrived at the park, and Jack couldnt believe his eyes. There was a big slide! Can I go down it, Mom? asked Jack. Yes, you can, said Mom. Jack knew that he was going to have a great time at the park. He ran and jumped and had fun all day. Before they went home, Jack asked, Can we come again? Yes, said Mom, we can come again. Jack was so happy that he knew he would come to the park again. He smiled as he waved goodbye and said, Bye park!Once upon a time, there was a shy dog named Spot. Spot was always frowning because he was too scared to play with other dogs. He would watch them run and jump, but he would just sit by a big tire and feel sad. One day, a little girl named Sue saw Spot by the tire. Sue wanted to be friends with Spot, so she walked up to him. Spot was scared, but Sue was kind. She patted him and said, Dont frown, Spot. Lets play together! Spot felt a little better, but he was still shy. Sue tried to get Spot to play with her and the other dogs, but Spot was too scared. He stayed by the tire, frowning. Sue had to go home, and the other dogs went away too. Spot was left all alone by the tire, feeling sad and shy.Once upon a time there was a dog named Max. He was a happy dog who liked to play in the park. One day, he saw an interesting bone on the ground. He wanted to take it, so he happily trotted over to it. âœDo you want to sign for it? said a big man. Max tilted his head and wondered what signing meant. The big man saw his confusion and explained it was like a promise. So Max nodded and made a sign with his paw. The big man gave Max the bone and he took it over to the most comfortable place he could find a big green patch of grass in the corner of the park. Max curled up and hugged the bone close as he fell contentedly asleep.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys, especially her shiny crystal. One day, Lilys brother came into her room and accidentally knocked over her crystal. It fell to the ground and snapped into two pieces. Lily was very upset and started to cry. Her brother felt bad and said, Im sorry Lily, I didnt mean to break your crystal. Lily wiped away her tears and said, Its okay, but it was noisy when it snapped. Her brother hugged her and promised to be more careful with her toys in the future. From that day on, Lily learned to be more careful with her special things, including her noisy crystal.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy was very hungry and he wanted to eat some cookies. He went to his mom and said, Mommy, I am hungry. Can I have some cookies please? His mom said, Yes, Timmy. I will give you some cookies. Timmy was happy and he ran to the kitchen. He saw the cookies on a hook and he tried to reach them, but he was too short. He went back to his mom and said, Mommy, can you please get the cookies for me? They are on the hook and I cant reach them. His mom said, Of course, Timmy. I will get them for you. Timmy was very happy and he ate his cookies. He said to his mom, Thank you for getting the cookies for me. I love you. His mom said, Youre welcome, Timmy. I love you too. And they hugged each other. The end.Bob was a young boy. He had two parents and they loved him very much. They were married and Bob thought marriage was fine. Everyday, his parents spoiled him with toys and love. But one day, something changed. Bobs parents started to fight a lot. He was so sad. He didnt understand why they were fighting. He wanted them to be happy like before. He hated seeing them fight. One day, his father left. Bob missed him and felt very sad. But soon his mother told him that his father wouldnt be coming back. She said that they werent married anymore. Bob was so sad. He hated that his parents werent married anymore. He missed his father but was glad they werent fighting anymore. Still, he wished they could be married and happy like before.Lily and Ben were twins who liked to play in the park. They had a big ball, a red bike and a yellow kite. They shared their toys and had fun together. One day, they saw a new path in the park. It was shiny and smooth and had pretty flowers on the sides. Lily and Ben wanted to see where it went. They took their ball, their bike and their kite and followed the path. The path led them to a pond with ducks and fish. Lily and Ben were happy to see the animals. They threw some bread to the ducks and watched them eat. They tried to catch some fish with their hands, but they were too fast. They laughed and splashed in the water. But then, a big wind came and blew their kite away. Lily and Ben ran after it, but they could not catch it. The kite flew over the trees and out of sight. Lily and Ben were sad and angry. They started to blame each other for losing the kite. Its your fault, you let go of the string! Lily said. No, its your fault, you pushed me! Ben said. They shouted and pushed and pulled each others hair. They had a big fit and forgot about their ball and their bike. A man who was walking his dog saw them and came to help. He asked them what was wrong and why they were fighting. Lily and Ben told him about their kite and how they lost it. The man shook his head and said, Im sorry you lost your kite, but fighting wont bring it back. You should be kind to each other and share your toys. You are twins and you have each other. Thats more important than a kite. Lily and Ben felt ashamed and sorry. They hugged each other and said they were sorry. They thanked the man and his dog and went back to their ball and their bike. They decided to play with them and forget about the kite. They learned that snapping at each other and having a fit was not good. They learned that being nice and sharing was better. They learned that they loved each other more than any toy.Once upon a time, there was a nice lady named Anna. She wanted to deliver a special package to her friend. So she decided to take it to the police. When she arrived there she saw a lot of policemen and policewomen. Anna was a bit scared but one of the officers gave her a friendly smile. He said, âœHello! Is there something I can help you with?â. Anna said, âœYes, I need to deliver a package. Can you help me?â The officer looked at the package and said, âœSure, give the package to me and Iâll make sure it gets to the right place!â Anna thanked him and handed him the package. The officer took it and said, âœThis looks perfect! I promise Iâll deliver it safe and sound.â Anna was very happy and thanked the officer. She said goodbye and waved as she left. The officer smiled and delivered the package to its destination. Everyone lived happily ever after.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Tim. Tim loved to chew gum. He always had a pack in his pocket. One day, Tim went to the store to buy more gum. He saw a pack he really wanted, but he didnt have enough money. Tim saw another boy with a pack of the same gum. He wanted it so badly, he decided to steal it. He took the gum and ran away. But Tims mom saw what he did. She was very patient and waited for Tim to come home. When he did, she asked him where he got the gum. Tim felt guilty and told her the truth. His mom explained that stealing was wrong and that he should always be honest. Tim felt bad and promised to never steal again. From that day on, he always asked for what he wanted and never took things that didnt belong to him.Once upon a time, there was a big parade in town. Everyone was excited to see it. The parade was very popular, and lots of people came to watch. A little girl named Lily was there with her family. She was so happy to see all the colorful floats and balloons. Suddenly, she saw a clown walking by. He looked very funny with his big red nose and silly hat. Lily wanted to say hello to the clown, but she was too shy to speak. So, she just smiled and waved. The clown noticed her and came over to say hello. He gave her a balloon animal and they became friends. After the parade, Lily was sad to say goodbye to her new friend. But the clown promised to come back next year for the parade. Lily was so excited to see him again and couldnt wait to speak to him. And just like the clown promised, he came back the next year and they had even more fun together.Once upon a time, there was a clean insect named Inny. Inny was a very nice insect who liked to help others. Inny lived in a big green tree with many friends. Every day, Inny would wake up and think about what fun things to do. One day, Inny found a shiny red ball in the grass. Inny thought it was very pretty and wanted to show it to all of his friends. He knew that something special would happen with this shiny red ball. Inny showed the shiny red ball to his friends, and they all loved it too. They played with the ball all day long, rolling it and throwing it in the air. But then, the ball rolled far away and got stuck in a hole. Inny and his friends were sad. Inny had an idea. He asked his friend, a big strong ant, to help get the ball out of the hole. The ant used its strong legs to push the ball out of the hole. Inny and his friends were so happy to have the ball back. In the end, Inny and his friends played with the shiny red ball every day. They were always happy and had lots of fun together. And just as Inny thought, the shiny red ball brought something special it brought all of the friends closer together.Once upon a time there lived a fierce little girl named Emma. She was always full of energy and excitement. Emma had a favorite jacket with a zipper on it. Whenever she wore that jacket she felt very special. One day, Emma and her family were getting ready to celebrate. She put on her favorite jacket and twirled around. I look fierce in this jacket, she said, smiling. Her mom smiled back and said, You look so cute! Celebrate today and have lots of fun. So Emma went off to celebrate with glee, feeling very proud of her special zipper jacket. And to this day, she still enjoys celebrating in her special zipper jacket.John was playing in the park with his mom. He saw a good elephant and he smiled. He asked his mom if he could ride it. But she told him no. He cried a little and his mom felt bad. She said sorry to John and gave him a big hug. John felt better, but he regretted not being able to ride the elephant. He wanted to have a good time with it. A few days later, his mom took him back to the park. When they arrived, John smiled when he saw the elephant. He asked his mom if he could ride it and this time, she said yes! John asked to go on the elephants back and his mom helped him up. He was so happy and he smiled and laughed while the elephant walked around the park. John had a great time and his mom was so glad he got to experience a good adventure. He never regretted not riding the elephant before.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to ride the subway with her mommy. One day, they got on the subway and Lily saw a bright light. She pointed to it and said, Mommy, look at the pretty light! Her mommy smiled and said, Yes, its very pretty. As they rode the subway, Lily started to count the stops. One, two, three, she said. Her mommy asked, How many stops do we have left? Lily counted and said, Two more stops! Suddenly, a man on the subway said to Lily, Youre very good at counting! Can you count to ten? Lily smiled and said, Yes, I can count to ten! And she counted all the way to ten for the man. He clapped his hands and said, Wow, youre very smart! Lily felt very proud of herself.Once there was a girl who was three years old. She loved to play and make new friends. One day, she went to a park and met an old man. He was nice and he wanted to teach her something special. It was something called reversing. At first, the girl felt uncomfortable because she had never heard of such a thing. But the man promised to make it fun and easy. So she decided to give it a try. The man showed her how to reverse. He taught her to move her arms and legs in the opposite direction. He also taught her to think of what she wanted to do and then to reverse it. The girl practiced for a while and soon it became easier. She was super excited to show her parents what she had learned. She could now reverse like a champion!Once upon a time, there was a town. It was a special town, and everyone was happy. One day, something strange happened the sun suddenly vanished! All the people got very scared, because it got so cold outside. Sophia, a little girl who was three years old, was very scared. She asked her mummy, Why is it so cold outside, mummy? Mummy smiled and said, Im not quite sure, Sophia. Lets all find out together! So, Sophia and her mum started walking around the town, asking all the other people if they knew what had happened to the sun. No one had any answers. Then suddenly, a wizard appeared! He told Sophia and all the other people in the town that the sun had been stolen by a dragon. Everyone gasped. The wizard said the only way to get the sun back was to go on an adventure and defeat the dragon. Little Sophia bravely volunteered to go on the adventure. All the people in the town cheered her on, and she went off to save the sun. In the end, Sophia managed to defeat the dragon and the sun returned to the town. Everyone celebrated, and it was warm again. Sophia smiled and said, No one else was brave enough to do it, so I had to! She had saved the town, and everyone was very proud of her.Once upon a time there was an oak tree. It was very big and strong. Every day the oak tree watched the people in the town. One day, it saw something different. A girl was standing in front of the tree with an easel and paint. She was very worried and had frowning eyes. The girl started to paint. She painted the leaves and branches on the oak tree. She made them beautiful and bright. The oak tree was happy, and it smiled. When the girl was finished, the oak tree was amazed. Instead of a big strong oak tree, the painting made it look like a big strong happy tree! The girl was happy too and no longer worried. The oak tree smiled back, happy to have such a pretty new picture. The end.Once there was a little girl called Ellie. She was three years old and she was very proud. One day, she was in the garden carrying something. It was a long and thin screen! She was very proud of it and she was happy to carry it because she knew it was important. She carried it all the way to her house and wanted to show it to her mom. Her mom was very proud of Ellie and she said âœYou did a great job carrying that screen! You must have used your best strength!â Ellie was very happy to hear that her mom was proud of her. After that, she carried the screen inside the house. She was very careful not to drop it and she put it safely on the floor. She was so proud of herself for managing to carry the screen all the way home. And that was the story of Ellie and her proud carry of the screen!Once there was a little girl named Anna. Every day she would go to school and have fun with her friends. One day in school, her teacher gave the class a quiz. Anna wasnt sure how to do it, but her friend helped her. The quiz was hard, but Anna worked hard and finished it. After she handed in the quiz, the teacher said it was very good. He said she was reliable and could answer all the questions. Anna was so happy her teacher was proud of her! That night, Annas parents were so proud of her and they paid her a special reward. They gave her an ice cream and said she had earned it. Anna was so excited and thanked them for the reward. From then on, Anna tried her best and was always very reliable. She knew that if she worked hard, her parents would pay her for it.Anna and Ben are friends. They like to play with blocks and cars. They have a task to do. They have to clean up their toys before lunch. Anna wants to play with the red car. Ben wants to play with the red car too. They both reach for the car. Mine! Anna says. No, mine! Ben says. They pull the car from each other. The car breaks. They both cry. Mom comes and sees the broken car. She is sad. Anna, Ben, what happened? Mom asks. We both wanted the red car. We did not yield. We broke the car. Anna says. Im sorry, Mom. We were not kind. We did not share. Ben says. Mom hugs them. Its okay, Anna, Ben. Im glad you are sorry. You can fix the car together. Then you can finish your task and clean up your toys. Then we can have lunch. Mom says. Anna and Ben nod. They say sorry to each other. They fix the car. They share the car. They clean up their toys. They are happy. They have lunch with Mom. They are kind friends.Jill and Tom are friends. They like to play with books and crayons. One day, they find a big book with many pages. The pages have pictures of animals and plants. Look, Tom, a purple flower! Jill says. She points to a page with a purple flower and a bee. That is pretty, Jill. Can I color it? Tom asks. He picks up a yellow crayon. Okay, Tom. But be careful. Do not color outside the lines, Jill says. She gives him the page. Tom starts to color the flower and the bee. He is happy. He likes to color. Tom, Tom, come here! Jill calls. She has turned to another page. The page has a picture of a lion and a zebra. What is it, Jill? Tom asks. He puts down the crayon and goes to Jill. Look, Tom, a lion and a zebra! They are big and strong. Do you know what they say? Jill asks. Tom shakes his head. He does not know. Let me tell you. The lion says roar and the zebra says neigh. Can you say that, Tom? Jill says. Tom tries to say that. He says roar and neigh. He sounds funny. Jill laughs. Tom laughs too. They have fun with the book. They learn new words and colors. They are happy friends.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved going to the store with her mommy to buy candy. One day, while they were at the store, Lily saw a bright red balloon. She wanted it so badly, but her mommy said no. Lily was sad and started to cry. Suddenly, a kind lady came over and waved at Lily. She gave her the balloon and Lily was so happy! But then, a big boy came and tried to take the balloon away from Lily. Lily didnt want to give it up, so she held on tight. The boy got angry and started to pull on the balloon. Lily was scared and didnt know what to do. Just then, her mommy came over and saw what was happening. She told the boy to stop and gave Lily a big hug. From then on, Lily was always careful with her balloons and never let anyone take them away.Anna loves to look at the sky and see the aeroplanes fly by. She wonders where they are going and what they are doing. She wants to go on an aeroplane someday and see new places and people. Every night, Anna dreams of flying on an aeroplane. She dreams of sitting in a big seat with a window and a tray. She dreams of eating yummy snacks and watching funny shows. She dreams of looking out the window and seeing the clouds and the stars. One day, Annas mum tells her that they are going on a trip. They pack their bags and go to the airport. Anna is very excited and nervous. She sees many aeroplanes on the ground and in the air. She hears them make loud noises and sees them move fast. Anna and her mum get on an aeroplane. It is very big and clean. Anna finds her seat and buckles her belt. She looks out the window and sees the wing and the wheel. She smiles and holds her mums hand. The aeroplane takes off and flies high. Anna feels like she is in her dream. She eats yummy snacks and watches funny shows. She looks out the window and sees the clouds and the stars. She is very happy and says, I love aeroplanes!Ben and Lily are friends. They like to play outside in the sun. But today the weather is bad. It is cold and rainy. Ben and Lily are sad. They stay inside and look for something to do. They see a big box. They have an idea. They can make a house with the box. They use scissors, tape and crayons. They cut, stick and draw. They make a door, a window and a roof. They are happy. They want to play in their house. But the box is not strong. It is floppy and wobbly. It needs support. They look for something to help. They see a broom. They use the broom to hold up the roof. They are clever. They go inside their house. They pretend to cook, read and sleep. They have fun. They forget about the bad weather. They are cozy and warm. But there is a problem. The broom belongs to Mom. Mom needs the broom to sweep the floor. She sees the box house. She sees the broom. She is not happy. She tells Ben and Lily to give her the broom. She says they are lazy. They need to help with the chores. Ben and Lily are sorry. They give Mom the broom. They help her sweep the floor. They are good. They learn to share and support. They hope the weather will be better tomorrow. They want to play outside in the sun.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved playing with his toys and running around outside. One day, Timmy saw a butterfly and said, Hello butterfly! Can you be my friend? The butterfly said, Sure, I can be your friend. Timmy and the butterfly played together all day. They flew in the air and chased each other around. Timmy said, This is crazy! I love playing with you. The butterfly said, I love playing with you too. As the sun started to set, the butterfly said, I have to go now. But dont worry, Ill be back tomorrow. Timmy said, Okay, see you tomorrow. The butterfly flew away and Timmy went inside his house. When Timmy entered his house, he saw his mom and dad. They asked him, How was your day? Timmy said, It was good. I met a new friend and we played all day. It was the best day of my life.Once upon a time, there lived a big ugly fish in a deep blue pond. One day, he saw a jar of ink and he was very curious. He swam over to the jar and splashed it with his tail. The jar broke, and the ink splashed into the pond. The fish laughed and laughed as the ink flew all around. The ink was everywhere in the pond, so he quickly dashed away. But unfortunately, the ink had made the pond very dark and ugly! The fish was sad and he was worried. He didnt know what to do. Then suddenly, he saw a little butterfly fluttering around the pond. He asked the butterfly for help. The butterfly told him he could help make the water sparkle again. So the butterfly waved her wings and the ink started to disappear. Soon, the pond was sparkly and clean again. The fish was so happy and he thanked the butterfly for helping him. From then on, he was always careful whenever he saw ink nearby!Lena and Tom are playing in their room. They have a big sheet and some chairs. They want to make a tent with the sheet. Lena says, I will stand on this chair and hold the sheet. You stand on that chair and hold the other end. Tom nods and does what Lena says. But then, their dog, Spot, comes into the room. Spot is a lively dog. He likes to run and jump and bark. He sees the sheet and thinks it is a toy. He runs to the sheet and pulls it with his teeth. Lena and Tom shout, No, Spot, no! Let go of the sheet! Spot does not listen. He tugs harder on the sheet. The sheet slips from Lenas hand. Lena falls off the chair and lands on the floor. She cries, Ow, ow, ow! Spot, you are a bad dog! Tom jumps off his chair and runs to Lena. He hugs her and says, Are you okay, Lena? Im sorry, Spot is a silly dog. Spot drops the sheet and looks at Lena and Tom. He wags his tail and licks their faces. He thinks they are playing with him. He barks, Woof, woof, woof! I love you, Lena and Tom! Lena and Tom are not happy. They push Spot away and say, Go away, Spot! You ruined our tent! They pick up the sheet and the chairs and try to make the tent again.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Tim. Tim had a bicycle that he loved to ride every day. One day, Tim saw a wise old man sitting on a bench. The old man had a long white beard and a kind smile. Tim rode his bicycle over to the old man and said hello. The old man looked at Tim and said, You are a smart young boy. Tim felt proud when he heard this. Suddenly, a big fly landed on Tims nose. Tim tried to swat the fly away, but it wouldnt go. The old man saw Tim struggling and said, Sometimes, when a fly wont go, you have to give it a little slap. Tim followed the old mans advice and the fly flew away. Tim thanked the old man and rode his bicycle home, feeling happy and wise.Once upon a time, there was a jolly little girl named Lily. She loved to walk in the park with her mommy and daddy. One day, while they were walking, Lily saw a pretty flower and wanted to pick it. But her mommy said no because it was too close to a big, scary dog. Lily was sad and started to cry. Her daddy saw how upset she was and decided to help. He walked over to the flower and picked it for her. Lily was so happy and hugged her daddy tightly. But then, the big, scary dog started to bark and run towards them! Lilys mommy and daddy quickly picked her up and ran away from the dog. They were safe, but Lily was still a little scared. Her daddy hugged her and told her everything was okay. From then on, they made sure to stay away from big, scary dogs when they went for walks in the park.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside with her friends. One day, they were playing on the side of the road. Lilys mommy had told her to stay away from the road because it was dangerous, but she didnt listen. Suddenly, a car came speeding down the road. Lilys friends quickly ran away, but Lily didnt move. The car stopped just in time, but it was a very close call. Lilys mommy came running over and asked if she was okay. Lily realized how important it was to listen to her mommys rules and promises to be more careful in the future. From that day on, Lily always asked her mommy for permission before going near the road. She learned that its important to listen to those who care about you and keep yourself safe.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved her mommy and daddy very much. One day, they planned to go to the park to play. But it started to rain and they had to delay their trip. Lily was sad because she wanted to go to the park. But her mommy and daddy said it was fine, they could play inside instead. They played with toys and sang songs together. Lily felt happy because she was with her mommy and daddy who loved her very much. She didnt mind the delay anymore because she was having fun with her family. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his toys and run around outside. One day, Timmy was playing with his toy truck when he accidentally bumped into his sisterâs doll. The doll fell and broke into pieces. Timmyâs sister started to cry. Timmy felt bad and said, âœIâm sorry. I didnât mean to hurt your doll. Let me try to fix it.â He picked up the pieces and tried to put them back together, but the result wasnât good. The doll still looked broken. Timmyâs sister paused her crying and said, âœItâs okay, Timmy. I forgive you. Letâs play something else together.â Timmy smiled and they played with their toys together, happy again.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim was very happy because it was his birthday. He knew he would get a big present from his mom and dad. In the morning, Tim found a big box with a lock on it. His mom said, Tim, you need to unlock the box to find your present. Tim was excited and used a key to unlock the box. Inside, he found a new shirt. The shirt was very fit on Tim. He wore it all day and showed it to all his friends. They all liked the shirt and said it was a great present. Tim was very happy and said thank you to his mom and dad. And they all lived happily ever after.Lily and Ben were playing with clay. They liked to make different shapes and animals with the clay. They had red, blue, yellow and green clay. Lily decided to make a flower with red and yellow clay. Ben decided to make a snake with green and blue clay. Lily rolled the red clay into a ball and then flattened it. She made six petals with the yellow clay and stuck them around the ball. She made a stem with green clay and a leaf with blue clay. She was happy with her flower. She showed it to Ben. Ben rolled the green clay into a long rope and twisted it. He made a head with blue clay and two eyes with red clay. He made a tongue with yellow clay and stuck it out of the mouth. He was happy with his snake. He showed it to Lily. Lily looked at the snake and felt frightened. She did not like snakes. She thought they were scary and dangerous. She screamed and ran away from the snake. She dropped her flower on the floor. Ben looked at Lily and felt sad. He did not mean to scare her. He liked snakes. He thought they were cool and fun. He did not understand why Lily was afraid of his snake. He picked up her flower and followed her. He found Lily hiding behind the sofa. He said, Lily, Im sorry. I did not want to scare you. I like your flower. It is pretty and colorful. Do you want to see my snake? It is not real. It is just clay. It has a soft texture. You can touch it if you want. Lily peeked out from behind the sofa. She saw Ben holding her flower and his snake. She saw that the snake was not real. It was just clay. She felt curious about the snake. She said, Ben, thank you. I like your snake. It is cool and fun. Can I touch it? Ben smiled and nodded. He gave her the flower and the snake. Lily touched the snake and felt its texture. It was soft and smooth. She was not frightened anymore. She smiled and said, Ben, you are a good friend. Can we play with clay together? Ben hugged her and said, Yes, we can. We can make more shapes and animals with clay. We can share and learn from each other. We can have fun together. Lily and Ben learned that they can like different things and still be friends. They learned that they can respect and appreciate each others choices. They learned that they can overcome their fears and try new things. They learned that they can play with clay together.One day, Sally was playing in the garden with a toy car. She had found the car by the side of the road. Suddenly, her mum called her inside and told her to put on her apron. Sally went inside wearing her apron and saw her mum was really sad. Sally asked mum why she was so sad. Mum said she had lost her favourite apron, the one which grandpa had lent her. Sally was so sad for her mum, but then she remembered the apron she was wearing. She told her mum that grandpa had lent her this apron. Grandpa had found it by the side of the road and wanted her to have it. Mum was so happy and she hugged Sally tight. Grandpa had found something special for them and had helped them again. Sally smiled, happy that she could make her mum feel better.One day, a polite cat named Tom went for a walk. He saw a big chimney on a house. He thought it was fun to climb. So, Tom climbed the chimney. When he got to the top, he looked down and saw his friend, a dog named Max. Hi Max! said Tom. Look at me! I am on the chimney! Max looked up and saw Tom. Oh no, Tom! said Max. You are too high! You might fall! Please come down! Tom wanted to come down, but he was scared. He tried to move, but he missed a step and slipped. Max saw Tom slip and ran to help him. Max got a big, soft pillow from the house. He put it under the chimney. Tom fell on the pillow and did not get hurt. Tom was happy that Max helped him. They both learned to be careful when climbing high places.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily who loved flowers. She had a garden with lots of pretty flowers, but her favorite were the daisies. One day, she saw a bulb in the dirt and she wanted to squeeze it, but her mom said not to because it was still growing. The next day, Lily woke up early and ran to her garden. The bulb had grown into a big flower! But it was smelly, like stinky socks. Lily didnt like the smell, but she didnt want to hurt the flowers feelings. So she said, Hello flower, you are very pretty, but you are also very smelly. The flower replied, I know, Im sorry. I dont like being smelly, but its just the way I am. Lily felt bad for the flower and wanted to help. She asked, Is there anything I can do to make you smell better? The flower thought for a moment and said, Maybe if you water me, I will smell better. So Lily watered the flower and it worked! The flower was no longer smelly and it made Lily very happy. From then on, Lily always took care of her flowers and they were all very happy. The end.Mary was a brave little girl, but the doctors needed to give her an operation. Mary was scared, but the doctors told her it was nothing to worry about. Marys family was by her side and they all hugged her, telling her that everything would be OK. The operation was tricky and took a long time, but Mary was very brave and didnt cry. Afterwards, she was very tired and sleepy. So the doctors fed her some special medicine to make her feel better. The medicine was an ignorant colour and tasted rather yucky, but it was what she needed. After serving the medicine, Mary was soon feeling sleepy and thankful to be given the medicine that would make her stronger. Mary went home feeling better, and her family fed her some yummy food to make her happy. She was very thankful for the loving care she was given during the operation. Mary knew she was in good hands and wouldnt ever be afraid of operations again.The little boy was having a hard day. He was so tired and wanted to relax. Luckily, he saw a cozy room. It was quiet, with a comfy bed full of pillows. He went inside and lay down on the bed. He closed his eyes and imagined he had wings. The room felt so peaceful it made him feel very lucky and relaxed. The little boy sighed and fell asleep, feeling more relaxed than he had all day. When he woke up, his day was brighter and he felt much better. That lucky cozy room was just what he had needed.Once there was a little girl named Lucy. Lucy was very curious, and she wanted to explore the world. She had a special spot that she loved, the closet in her bedroom. She would always open the closet door and find things inside. Today was no different, and Lucy eagerly opened the closet door. But when she opened the door, she found something strange the closet was full of dirt! It was a dirty closet. Lucy was so excited to explore, so she used her little hands and started digging inside the closet. As she dug, she discovered all sorts of interesting and fun things. She found a box of markers and a box of crayons, and she found a stuffed animal too! Once she was done playing and exploring, Lucy grabbed a brush and dustpan and began to clean up the closet. She swept away all the dirt and put all of the toys back inside. Then she shut the door and said goodbye to her special spot. Lucy was satisfied, and she was glad that she had opened the closet door!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved going to the park with her mommy and daddy. One day, they went to the park and met a boy named Timmy. Hi, Timmy! said Lily. Hi, Lily! Hi, Mr. and Mrs. Smith! said Timmy. They played on the swings and slide together. Timmy was very thoughtful and included Lily in all the games they played. They had so much fun together! After playing for a while, Timmy said, I have to go home now. Bye, Lily! Bye, Timmy! See you next time! said Lily. Lily was happy to have made a new friend at the park. She couldnt wait to go back and play with Timmy again.Once upon a time, two friends named Jake and Carly were playing in Carlys backyard. Carly had a cool crane that she brought outside to show her friend. Wow, your crane looks so cool, said Jake. Lets play a game, Carly said. We can use the crane to weigh things! The two of them started picking up different things in the backyard and weighing them with the crane. They picked up leaves, rocks, sticks and toys they weighed them all. There they found a caterpillar that they hadnt seen before. How much does the caterpillar weigh? Jake asked. They decided to try and weight the caterpillar, but the crane was too big. Carly smiled. Lets find something smaller to weigh the caterpillar with, she said. So the two of them went looking for something small to weigh the caterpillar with. They looked until they found a toy scale that was the perfect size for the caterpillar. Now, Jake and Carly could weigh the caterpillar! They had so much fun that day.Lily liked to rock on her chair. It was a big chair with a soft pillow. She rocked and rocked and sang a song. She felt happy and warm. One day, she heard a loud noise outside. She stopped rocking and looked out the window. She saw a big wolf with yellow eyes. The wolf was angry and hungry. It wanted to eat Lily and her chair. Lily was scared. She ran to the door and locked it. She hoped the wolf would go away. But the wolf did not go away. It scratched and banged on the door. It howled and growled. Lily did not know what to do. She wished her mom and dad were home. She wished she had a friend to help her. She looked around and saw her teddy bear. She hugged her teddy bear and whispered, Please help me, teddy. The teddy bear heard Lily. It felt sorry for her. It wanted to protect her. It jumped out of her arms and ran to the window. It opened the window and threw itself at the wolf. It bit the wolfs nose and scratched its eyes. It made the wolf cry and run away. Lily was amazed. She saw her teddy bear chase the wolf. She saw her teddy bear come back to the window. She ran to the window and hugged her teddy bear. She said, Thank you, teddy. You are my hero. You are my friend. The teddy bear smiled and cuddled with Lily. They went back to the chair and rocked and rocked. They felt happy and safe. They sang a song. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl. She loved candy more than anything else! Every day, she would go to the store and find new, creative ways to get lots of candy. Sometimes she would bring something to trade with the storekeeper â like her old toys and clothes. Other times, she would smile and talk sweetly, hoping the storekeeper would be generous. One day, the storekeeper offered her a special challenge. He said that if she could think of a really creative idea, she could have a whole bag of candy! The girl thought and thought until she came up with the best idea ever! The next day, she brought the storekeeper a big box filled with all kinds of things â from toys to books to candies and all sorts of other goodies! The storekeeper was so impressed that he gave her two big bags of candy, and she couldnât have been happier! From then on, the little girl visited the store as often as she could. She always came up with creative ideas to get more candy, and the storekeeper always rewarded her with a big smile and plenty of treats.Once upon a time there was a famous ship. Everyone loved that ship. It had a special place in everyones heart. The ship belonged to them, just like a toy in the toy box. One day, the ship went out to sea. People looked up to the sky and waved until it disappeared. Everyone wanted the ship to come back and belong to them again. Finally, after a long time, the ship came back. It was as if it had never gone away. The ship belonged to the people once more and everyone was so happy. They celebrated with music and laughter. The end!Once there was a little girl. She was three years old and very careful. Every day the girl used to play in the garden. She loved to sing and dance with the butterflies. One day, it was very hot outside. The little girl was getting very thirsty and started to tremble. Then she saw a fan in the corner of the garden. She was so happy! She walked towards it and switched it on. The fan started to whirl and the little girl felt cool and happy. She started to dance and sing with the fan like a friend. She was so happy that she jumped up and down and laughed. Then suddenly, the fan stopped working. The girl froze. She was so careful and didnt want to break the fan. She closed her eyes and started to tremble. She was very scared. But then she slowly opened her eyes and saw that the fan was working again! The little girl was very happy and danced around the fan. She said goodbye to the fan and thanked it for keeping her cool in the hot summer day.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to ride his bike, but he didnt like to wear his helmet. His mom always told him to wear it, but he was stubborn and didnt listen. One day, Timmy was riding his bike and he fell off. He hurt his head and had to go to the hospital. The doctor told him he should have been wearing his helmet. Timmy felt sad and wished he had listened to his mom. When Timmy got home, he told his mom he was sorry and promised to always wear his helmet. His mom was happy and said, Im glad you joined the helmet club! Its important to be safe when we ride our bikes. Timmy smiled and knew he had learned an important lesson.Once upon a time, there was a girl who was very happy. She had a pretty toy machine. The girl liked to hold the machine. She liked the way it felt in her hands. One day, the girl noticed that her machine was making an alert sound. She was very surprised. The girl investigated the machine. She saw that it had a secret button. When she pushed the button, a secret door opened. Inside the door, the girl found a very special surprise. It was a pretty toy car! The girl was so excited. She held onto the car tightly, and she never let go.One day Mommy and Pammy were at the park. They were looking for something fun to do. Then Mommy found a grape tree! She said to Pammy, âœLetâs count the grapes!â so they could each have some. Pammy started counting the grapes. She counted âœ1, 2, 3...â but after that it was too difficult. She looked at Mommy and said, âœMommy, can you help me?â Mommy smiled and said, âœSure! Letâs count together.â So they counted âœ4, 5, 6...â until they had enough grapes. When they were done counting, Mommy and Pammy shared the grapes and each had a tasty snack. It was so fun counting the grapes together.Once upon a time, there was a monkey named Max. Max loved to eat bananas. He would climb the trees and pick them himself. One day, Max found a big, yellow banana. It looked so tasty that he couldnt resist. He touched it and then peeled it open. It was the sweetest banana he had ever tasted. Max had a friend named Leo. Leo was a loyal lion. He always looked out for Max and made sure he was safe. When Max offered Leo a piece of the banana, Leo was very happy. He took a bite and said, This is delicious, Max! Youre such a good friend. From that day on, Max and Leo shared everything, including their love for bananas.Once upon a time, there was a very weak pumpkin. It had been through lots of tough times, but it always stayed strong. One day, it decided to take a dive. The pumpkin jumped off the highest hill it could find and started to fall. As it was sailing through the air, the pumpkin felt really brave. Soon the pumpkin got closer and closer to the ground. When it was just about to land, the pumpkin tucked its arms and legs in and began to spin. Then, it took a dive and landed in a pile of leaves. The pumpkin felt very proud of itself. It had taken a brave dive and it was now safe from all the tough times. The weak pumpkin was now strong enough to do anything it wanted.Once upon a time, there was a big, heavy rock. A little boy named Timmy wanted to see if he could lift it. He tried and tried, but it was too heavy for him. One day, Timmys dad dug a hole in the ground. Timmy wondered what it was for. His dad said they were going to test the soil to see if it was good for planting seeds. Timmy thought it was fun to watch his dad put dirt in a little bag and send it away to be tested. He wanted to help, but he knew the bag was too heavy for him to carry. So, he just watched and learned.Once upon a time there was a little pig who was very excited for sunrise. He was outside his house looking for something to mark. He saw a big rock and decided it was perfect for marking. He picked up a big stick and marked a smiley face on the rock. The pig was so proud of his work. Just then a bird came flying by and noticed the rock with the smiley face. That is such an amazing thing to mark. Where did you learn to do it? asked the bird. The little pig was so excited to explain. I learned it all by myself! I just wanted to make something special for the upcoming sunrise, he said. The bird was very impressed and flew away. The little pig smiled and knew that the smiley face would cheer up the sunrise.Sara and Tom were playing hide and seek in the park. Sara was the seeker and Tom was the hider. Sara counted to ten and then opened her eyes. She looked around and saw a big sack near a tree. She thought Tom might be hiding inside it. She ran to the sack and lifted it up. But there was no Tom inside, only some leaves and sticks. She was puzzled. Where did Tom go? She called out, Tom, where are you? I cant find you! Tom heard Saras voice from a distant bush. He giggled and whispered, She cant see me. Im a good hider. I made the sack look like me and then I ran away. Im going to vanish like a ghost. He waited for Sara to come closer and then he jumped out of the bush and shouted, Boo! Sara was startled and screamed. Then she laughed and said, You scared me, Tom! Youre a tricky hider. How did you make the sack look like you? Tom showed Sara how he put his hat and jacket on the sack and stuffed it with leaves and sticks. He said, It was easy. I just used what I found in the park. Do you want to try it too? Sara nodded and said, Yes, lets do it again. But this time, Ill be the hider and youll be the seeker. And Ill vanish better than you! They put the sack back on the ground and swapped their roles. They had fun playing hide and seek with the sack until it was time to go home.Once upon a time there was a little girl who really loved waffles. She spent all of her days wishing for a special waffle to come. One day, when she was out playing in the yard, the most beautiful waffle came. It was big and round and smelled just fine. The little girl was so excited to see the waffle that she quickly ran over to it. She took a delicious bite and it tasted almost like heaven. She was so excited that she wanted to share her waffle with her family, so she invited them to come to her house. The family came over right away and had the best time together. Everyone shared in the delicious waffle and enjoyed the special treat the little girl had discovered. The family finished the fine waffle and started to go home. But before they left, the little girl made a wish she hoped a special waffle would come soon, so they could all celebrate together again. And thats exactly what happened! A few days later, a beautiful waffle came and the family all gathered together to celebrate once more. Everyone agreed that it was just as fine as the first one and it became a family tradition for special occasions and happy days.Once upon a time, there was a duck who loved to fly. She often flew in a zigzag path as she was so happy in the air. One day, the mild wind blew strong and pushed the duck off course. She tried to fly back to her zigzagging but the wind kept pushing her away. The duck became frustrated and spoke out loud. Why must the wind be so mean to me?, she said. Suddenly, a voice called out from above. It was a thunderous voice that made the duck quiver. It was a giant cloud that had struck the duck with a powerful gust of wind. How dare you defy my wish!, the cloud shouted. I have power to make you fly in whatever direction I wish! The duck was so scared. She tried to explain that she was just delighted to be flying in a zigzag, but the cloud was too angry. Suddenly, the cloud softened its voice and said,Go now, but make sure you stay in the zigzagging path from now on. The duck breathed a sigh of relief and agreed. She flew off in the zigzag path and never defied the mild cloud again.Once upon a time there was a person named Joe. Joe liked to bow down to the ground and stretch. He did it every morning and it made him feel happy. One day Joe wanted to go on an adventure. So he grabbed a big bag and put all of his stuff in it. He looked inside and saw a dull gas can. I wonder what I can do with this? he thought. Joe looked all around but he couldnt think of anything fun to do. He decided to take the gas and his bag and go outside. When he got out, Joe saw lots of things to explore. He started to run around and have lots of fun. Then he remembered the gas can and he had an idea. Joe grabbed the gas can and starting running faster. He laughed and shouted as he ran. When he got to the top of the hill, he bowed down and sprayed the gas all over. A rainbow of color filled the sky! Joe had invented a fun new game and he smiled.Sara and Ben are twins. They like to play with toys, but they do not like to share. Sara has a flexible doll that can bend and twist. Ben has a truck that can make loud noises and move fast. One day, Sara and Ben are playing in their room. Can I touch your doll? Ben asks Sara. No, you cannot touch my doll. It is mine. Go away! Sara says. She hates when Ben wants to touch her things. Can I touch your truck? Sara asks Ben. No, you cannot touch my truck. It is mine. Go away! Ben says. He hates when Sara wants to touch his things. They start to fight and pull each others hair. They scream and cry. Their mom hears them and comes to their room. What is going on here? Mom asks. She is angry. Sara and Ben are not sharing. They are being mean. They hate each other. Mom says. She takes away their toys and puts them in a box. She says they cannot play with them until they learn to be nice. Sara and Ben are sad and sorry. They want their toys back. But Mom does not give them back. She says they have to go to bed early. They have no toys, no fun, and no friends. They have a bad ending.Once there was a brilliant bowl that had two friends who disagreed. The bowl was always making them laugh and play together. One day, one of the friends wanted to go play in the park. But the other friend wanted to stay and play with the bowl. They had a disagreement. The disagreeing friends thought and thought about what they should do. Finally, they decided to make a plan. They would play with the bowl for a while and then go to the park together. It was a brilliant plan! The friends both agreed and laughed together, enjoying their day with the bowl.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Poppy. Poppy was very curious and loved to explore the world around her. One day she went to the beach. She looked around and saw an amazing rock formation. Poppy was eager to explore the rocks, but they were very heavy. She tried her very best to move them, but she was too tiny and weak. She said to herself, There must be an easier way. Then she had a brilliant idea â she decided to weigh the rocks. She grabbed a bucket and filled it with water before carefully placing some rocks in it. She soon realized that the rocks were heavier than she thought. Just then, her mom came to the beach. She saw the determination on Poppys face and asked what she was doing. Poppy explained her idea to her mom. Her mom thought it was amazing and smiled. The moral of the story is that if you have an idea and put in enough effort, no matter how small you may be, you can succeed.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to look up at the stars in the sky. He would lay down on his comfortable blanket and stare at the universe above him. One night, Timmy saw a shooting star. He was so excited and shouted, Wow! Look at the star! Its so pretty! His mom heard him and came outside to see what was happening. What are you looking at, Timmy? his mom asked. I saw a shooting star! It was rocking in the sky! Timmy said. Thats amazing, Timmy! Did you make a wish? his mom asked. Yes, I did! I wished for a toy rocket to play with! Timmy said. His mom smiled and said, I hope your wish comes true, Timmy. And they both continued to lay on the comfortable blanket and look up at the beautiful universe above them.One day, a child named Jack was very tired. He knew it was time for a nap. So he tried to close his eyes for a little rest. But, the sun was so bright, he couldnt sleep. Suddenly, Jack had an idea. He found a big cardboard box and placed it over his head. He thought he was being very clever. Jacks dad was watching from afar and said, Thats so stupid, Jack. But Jack was determined to take a nap. So, he curled up in the box and drifted off to sleep. All of a sudden, he heard thunder! He peeked his head out and saw a huge storm brewing outside. He had set up his own shelter and was safe from the storm. Jacks dad couldnt believe it. Despite Jacks seemingly stupid attempt at napping, Jack had found a way to staydry during the storm. His dad smiled and said, Thats my smart boy!The clown was at the playground. She was very happy and wanted to play. She jumped and danced around, while the other children laughed and smiled. Suddenly the clown noticed a little girl who was angry. She had tears in her eyes. The clown stopped dancing and asked the girl, Why are you so angry? The little girl sobbed, My mom and dad are arguing. I want them to be happy like you. The clown hugged the girl. She smiled and said, Its ok to be sad sometimes. Just know that even when it feels like things will never get better, your parents love you and will remain together for you. The girl hugged the clown back. She smiled a little. She knew that her parents would remain together. The clown cheered her up and the girl went home feeling happier.John was a generous boy who liked to perform. Everyday, he would do tricks for his family and friends and make them laugh. One day John had a very special trick to show. He put out his thumb and said,Watch this. Johns mom watched and said,What are you going to do, honey? John looked up at her with a huge smile and said,Im going to make my thumb disappear! John closed his fist and waved it around, then opened it slowly. Sure enough, his thumb had vanished! Johns family and friends were amazed and cheered with laughter. John had performed the best trick yet. He was so proud of himself. From then on, he kept performing amazing tricks, and everyone continued to be amazed.Max had an itch and it was getting worse. He scratched, but nothing seemed to help. His mom saw him and asked, Whats wrong, Max? Max said, My itch is increasing! His mom said, Well, lets find something to help. Do you know where you put your dependable medicine for itchy feelings? He thought for a second and then remembered. Yes! Its in my drawer! So, Maxs mom helped him get the dependable medicine and they put it on the itch. In no time at all, Maxs itch was gone. Max was so happy! He hugged his mom and said, Thank you for helping me with my itch! I was so worried. His mom smiled and said, Its my job! Anytime you need help, Im here to help you figure it out. Max gave her another big hug and said he was so lucky to have a mom who was so dependable.Anna and Ben were playing in the garden. They saw an enormous brick wall. They wanted to see what was behind it. Lets crawl under the wall, said Anna. Maybe there is a secret place. OK, said Ben. But be careful. The wall might fall on us. They crawled under the wall. They saw a big pond with many fish and frogs. They were happy. They wanted to touch the water. But then they heard a loud bark. A big dog was running towards them. It looked angry. It wanted to chase them away. Run! said Anna. The dog is coming! They ran back to the wall. But the wall was too high. They could not climb over it. They were scared. Help! they shouted. There is a dog! Their mom heard them. She came to the garden. She saw the dog. She picked up a stick. She waved it at the dog. The dog ran away. She lifted Anna and Ben over the wall. She hugged them. Are you OK? she asked. What were you doing? We were crawling under the wall, said Anna. We wanted to see the pond. That was not a good idea, said mom. The wall is not safe. And the dog is not friendly. You could have been hurt. Sorry, mom, said Ben. We were curious. Mom smiled. She understood. She was curious too when she was little. Next time, ask me first, she said. I can show you other places to explore. Places that are not dangerous. OK, mom, said Anna and Ben. We love you. They went back to the house. They had some juice and cookies. They learned a lesson. They were happy.Tom and Lily are friends. They like to play with toys and books. One day, Tom has a new sock. It is orange and has a picture of a lion on it. Look, Lily, I have a new sock! Tom says. He shows Lily his foot. It is orange and has a lion. Do you like it? Lily nods. She likes Toms sock. It is bright and fun. She wants to see the lion better. Can I touch your sock, Tom? Lily asks. She reaches for Toms foot. Tom smiles. He likes to share with Lily. He lifts his foot and lets Lily touch his sock. Wow, your sock is soft and warm, Lily says. She feels the lions mane and nose. And the lion is cute. Can I have a sock like this, too? Tom thinks. He has another orange sock in his drawer. He does not need two orange socks. He has an idea. Wait here, Lily, Tom says. He runs to his room and gets his other orange sock. He comes back and gives it to Lily. Here, Lily, you can have this sock, Tom says. Now we both have orange socks with lions. We are twins! Lily is very happy. She hugs Tom and puts on the sock. She shows Tom her foot. Thank you, Tom, you are very nice, Lily says. I love my new sock. And I love you, too! Tom and Lily hug again. They are happy. They have orange socks with lions. And they have each other. They are the best friends.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved icecream, especially the famous kind that her mom bought for her. One day, Lily went to the park with her mom and saw her friends playing hideandseek. She wanted to play too! Lilys mom said, Sure, you can play hideandseek with your friends, but be careful not to hide too far away. Lily ran to hide behind a big tree, but she got scared because it was dark and she couldnt see anything. She started to cry and called out for her mom. Her mom heard her and came to find her. She said, Its okay, Lily. You dont have to hide if you dont want to. The most important thing is that youre safe and happy. Lily learned that its okay to try new things, but its also important to listen to her feelings and not do things that make her uncomfortable. From that day on, Lily played with her friends, ate her favorite famous icecream, and had lots of fun at the park. The end.Once upon a time there was a mum and her baby. The mum wanted to give her baby a surprise, so she sent him a fake round. It was all colourful and bouncy. The baby was so excited when the round arrived! He grabbed it straight away, and bounced it everywhere. It went up and down, in and out. He couldnât stop playing with it! After a while, he realized the round was fake. It didnt bounce back when he bounced it. But he still liked it. He hugged it tight, and his mum smiled. It had made him very happy!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lucy. She lived in a very big house all alone. She always felt very lonely. One day, Lucy wanted to have dinner. She went to the kitchen, opened the cupboard and saw that it was empty. Oh no! she said to herself. Im very hungry, but I dont have anything to eat. Then, she had an idea. She went outside and started walking around. After a while she saw an old man. He was sitting on the street corner and he was smiling. Lucy went up to him and asked, Excuse me, can you help me? Yes, of course, the old man said. What do you need? Im very hungry. Can I get some rice? Lucy asked. Yes, of course. Here you go, the old man said. He took out a big bag of rice, gave it to Lucy and said, Its all yours. I hope it helps. Lucy was so happy, she thanked the man and went home. When she got home, she cooked the rice and had dinner. She felt much better and was no longer lonely. Lucy thanked the old man again. From then on, she was never hungry and she was never alone.Once upon a time there was a little bear named Boo. Boo always loved to explore the world and see what wondeful things he could find. One day Boo found an enormous hill. He couldnât believe his eyes! He bounced around a bit and then he saw it a big path. He started to follow it and it soon rose all the way to the top of the hill. When Boo arrived at the top of the hill he saw something magical. It was like a carpet made of all kinds of textures! One was soft as a cloud, another was rough as sand and one was sparkly like stars! Boo was so excited he started to dance on the carpet. Suddenly, everything started to spin and he felt so dizzy! âœOh no!â Boo exclaimed. A friendly voice answered him, âœLet go and trust yourself, then you will riseâ. Boo was confused. Who said that? He looked around but he couldnât see anyone. Then he looked down and noticed that he was no longer standing on the ground. He was floating in the sky! He smiled and waved goodbye to the mysterious voice and bounded off into the clouds.One day, a girl wanted to borrow a crack. She was only three years old, but she thought it was a good idea. All her friends had them, and it seemed like it would be fun. She went to her mom and dad and asked if she could take it. They said no, it was too weird. The girl was sad. She really wanted the crack. She thought of a solution. She asked her mom and dad if she could borrow it from her grandma. Her parents were surprised. They were happy the girl was being so creative. They agreed she could borrow the crack from grandma. The girl was so excited! She hugged her mom and dad and promised to take good care of the crack. Then she ran off to go find grandma and ask to borrow the crack.Once upon a time, there was a gray toy car. The car was sad because it was broken. It could not go fast like the other toy cars. The car wanted to be fixed. One day, a kind girl found the gray toy car. She knew how to fix things. She said, I will help you, car. I will do an operation to make you go fast again. The car was very happy. The girl worked hard to fix the gray car. She did the operation and the car was fixed. The car could now go fast like the other toy cars. The gray car and the girl were very happy. They played together every day.Once there was a little girl named Maggie. She loved to play with her new bicycle in the park. One day when Maggie was riding her bicycle she saw a big dog. The dog was very bossy. He barked very loudly and commanded Maggie to get off her bicycle. Maggie was scared and quickly went home. That night Maggie had a nightmare. She dreamed that the dog followed her to her house and was bossily barking in her room. Maggie awoke screaming and ran to her mums room. Maggies mum said, Its okay baby, its just a dream. Everything is alright. Now, lets go back to sleep ok? Maggie nodded her head and hugged her mum. She felt safe and snuggled down into her bed until she fell back asleep. Maggie never had that nightmare again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to do yoga with her mommy every day. They would stretch their arms and legs and take deep breaths together. Lily thought yoga was so much fun! One day, Lilys mommy gave her a big box of crayons and paper. Lily was so happy and started drawing right away. She drew a picture of her and her mommy doing yoga together. It was very creative! Lilys mommy told her that her drawing was very special and had a lot of value. Lily didnt know what value meant, but she knew it was something good. She smiled and hugged her mommy, feeling very proud of her creative picture.Lily and Ben were playing near the river. They liked to throw stones and watch them splash in the water. They saw some big green things lying on the shore. They looked like logs, but they had teeth and eyes. Look, Ben, crocodiles! Lily said. They are scary and mean. Lets strike them with stones and make them go away. No, Lily, dont do that! Ben said. They are not mean, they are beautiful. They have shiny scales and strong tails. They are part of nature, like us. We should not hurt them, we should be kind to them. But they might bite us, Ben! Lily said. They have big mouths and sharp teeth. They are not like us, they are different. We should be careful of them. Ben shook his head. He wanted to show Lily that crocodiles were not so bad. He picked up a stick and walked slowly towards one of the crocodiles. He reached out his hand and touched its back gently. See, Lily, its not hard, its soft. Its not cold, its warm. Its not angry, its calm. Its a beautiful crocodile. Ben said. Lily watched Ben with wide eyes. She was curious, but also afraid. She saw the crocodile move its head and open its eyes. She saw it look at Ben with a hungry gaze. She saw it open its mouth and snap at Bens hand. Ben, watch out! Lily screamed. Its going to bite you! Ben jumped back and dropped the stick. He ran to Lily and hugged her. They both looked at the crocodile, who hissed and slid into the water. Are you okay, Ben? Lily asked. Did it hurt you? Im okay, Lily. It didnt hurt me. But it was scary. Ben said. Maybe you were right, Lily. Maybe crocodiles are not so beautiful. Maybe we should leave them alone. Lily nodded. She felt sorry for the crocodile, but also glad that Ben was safe. She took his hand and they walked away from the river. They decided to play somewhere else, where there were no crocodiles.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved playing outside in the sunshine. One day, she went to the park and saw a big pile of filthy clothes. She wanted to help, so she started to fold them. Suddenly, a mean dog came out of nowhere and scared her. She ran away and forgot her favorite toy. When she went back to get it, the dog was there again. This time, he bit her and she had to go to the hospital. Lily was very sad and her parents were too. They wished they had gone to the park with her that day. From then on, Lily always made sure to have someone with her when she played outside.Once upon a time, there was a little mouse named Max. Max was very lonely because he didnt have any friends. One day, Max was walking in the forest and he smelled something yummy. It was cheese! Max was so happy and he ran towards the smell. When Max got to the cheese, he saw a big bird eating it. Max was scared, but he wanted the cheese so much. He decided to be brave and ask the bird if he could have some. The bird listened to Max and said yes! Max was so happy and he ate the cheese with the bird. After that day, Max and the bird became good friends. They would listen to each other and share cheese all the time. Max was not lonely anymore because he had a friend.Tom and Sarah were going for a walk. Tom had his eyes wide open because he wanted to observe everything. As they rounded the corner, they saw an enormous tent. It was bigger than any tent they had ever seen before. Tom and Sarah were very curious and they walked towards the tent. When they got close they saw that there were toys inside. A friendly voice called out from inside. It was John, the owner of the tent! He was a very generous man who was giving away all of his toys. John let Sarah and Tom choose whatever they wanted as a gift. Sarah chose a pretty doll and Tom chose a shiny car. They were so happy and thankful for Johns generous gift. They waved goodbye and thanked him, before running off with their special presents.Once upon a time there was a little girl who liked to watch television. She had a big, hairy chair to seat in while she watched her favorite shows. One day, the little girl went to her chair and was surprised to feel something fuzzy. When she looked closer, she saw a big, hairy spider had made its home there! The little girl was a bit scared but she was brave. She slowly reached out and carefully picked up the spider. Then she found a gentle place outside to set the spider down and watched it scuttle away. The little girl was so happy to have been gentle and brave! She went back to her chair and watched television without any hairy spider surprises.Lily likes to play with her dolls. She has many dolls, but her favorite is Anna. Anna has a fancy dress and a hat with a flower. Lily likes to pretend that Anna is a princess who lives in a big castle. One day, Lily finds a shiny teaspoon in the kitchen. She thinks it is a perfect spoon for Anna. She takes the teaspoon and runs to her room. She puts the teaspoon in Annas hand and says, Look, Anna, this is your spoon. You own this spoon. You can use it to eat your cake and tea. Lily makes a pretend cake and tea with her blocks and cups. She sets them on a small table next to her bed. She invites Anna and her other dolls to have a tea party. She gives each doll a cup and a plate. She says, This is a very special tea party. Anna has a fancy spoon that she owns. She can share it with you if she wants. The other dolls are happy to see Annas spoon. They say, Wow, Anna, your spoon is so shiny and pretty. Can we see it? Can we try it? Anna is very kind and lets the other dolls use her spoon. She says, Thank you for coming to my tea party. You are my friends. You can use my spoon, but please be careful. It is very important to me. Lily smiles and claps her hands. She is proud of Anna and her spoon. She thinks Anna is the best doll in the world. She says, I love you, Anna. You are a very nice princess. You have a fancy spoon that you own, but you also share it with your friends. You make me happy.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to explore and learn new things. One day, he found a tiny microscope in his backyard. He picked it up and looked through it. He saw tiny bugs and plants up close. It was so cool! Timmys mom came outside and asked him what he was doing. Timmy showed her the microscope and said, Look, Mommy! Tiny bugs! His mom smiled and said, That looks like fun, Timmy. Would you like some lemonade to drink while you explore? Timmy nodded his head and said, Yes, please! His mom went inside to get the lemonade. When she came back, Timmy was sitting on a comfortable chair, looking through the microscope. His mom handed him the lemonade and said, Enjoy your drink, Timmy. Timmy smiled and took a sip of the sweet lemonade. He was having so much fun exploring and learning new things.Once upon a time there was a beautiful river which ran perfectly through the countryside. Every day the river delivered a special surprise for the children of the village. One day, it was the turn of threeyear old John. John was so excited to see what the river had delivered for him. He went to the riverbank, but he didnt know what to expect. Suddenly, he heard a voice from the river. John, come closer. I have something for you, the voice said. John was scared and he asked, Who are you? The voice answered, I am the river. I have something special for you. Come closer and youll see. John cautiously stepped closer, and to his amazement, the river gave him a big, perfect, shiny stone. Look at it, John. Its perfect! I thought you might like it, said the river. John was filled with joy. He thanked the river and went back to the village to show everyone his special surprise. From then on, John always knew that the river was a special place, full of surprises and perfect gifts!Once upon a time, there was a little cute bunny. She liked to go for a hop in the grassy field. Every day, she would spring up into the air and have lots of fun. One day, she found a really adorable house. It was so nice! She hopped up onto its roof and lay down. It was so comfy and warm. She felt so cozy and happy up there. The bunny stayed on the roof for a whole day and a night. In the morning, she started to feel a bit hungry. So she hopped out of the house and started to look for some food. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Maria. She was very competitive and wanted to be the best at everything she did. One day, Maria came to a path in the woods. She wasnât sure which way to take. She thought for a minute and decided to go right. When she took a few steps down the path, she heard someone say, âœWrong way!â Maria replied, âœWho said that?â A little rabbit hopped out from behind a tree. The rabbit said, âœYou should go the other way. Thatâs the way to the best flower field in the woods!â Maria was excited. She thanked the rabbit and headed down the left path. A few minutes later, she saw the flower field. She was so happy. She stayed in the flower field for hours, picking the most colourful flowers. It was the best day ever! She smiled and waved to the rabbit on her way back home.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had an amazing toy cell phone that she loved to play with all the time. She would pretend to call her friends and family and have long conversations with them. One day, Lily was playing with her toy cell phone while walking down the street. Suddenly, a car came zooming by and almost hit her! Her mommy quickly grabbed her and told her to stop playing with her toy phone while walking. Lily was scared and realized that it was not safe to play with her toy phone while walking. She promised her mommy that she would stop doing that and only play with it when she was sitting down. From that day on, Lily always remembered to be careful and never played with her toy phone while walking again.One day, John saw a grumpy clown. John was excited to see a clown and he asked the clown to do a trick. The clown frowned and said, No tricks today. Im too grumpy. John was sad. He asked the clown what was wrong, but the clown wouldnt answer. John noticed the clown had lots of tears in his eyes and he said, Do you want to be happy again? The clown scratched his head and sighed. He said, Yes, I do. Im so grumpy because I miss my friends. John smiled and said, Let me help you! I can be your friend! The clown smiled back and said, Really? That would be great! John and the clown became friends. They laughed and played together and the clown was no longer grumpy.Once there was a girl named Sarah. Sarah loved bells. She wanted to buy a bell so every day she asked her parents to go to the store. One day they went to the store. Sarah walked up and down the aisles until she saw a bell that was very light. She thought it was perfect and asked her parents to buy it. They said yes and Sarah was very happy. At home Sarah hung the bell in her bedroom. Every time she saw it she was happy and sang a song. But the bell did more than make Sarah happy it rang! It was the sweetest sound and Sarah loved it. Her parents were so pleased that they bought Sarah more bells. Every time a new bell came it was different. Some were dark, others were big and others were light. But Sarah loved all of them. Sarah knew shed found her special bell the one shed bought at the store. Everyday she rang it and sang her song, and it was the happiest sound in the world.Lily was a gifted girl. She could jump very high and do many tricks. She liked to jump on her bed, on the sofa, and on the grass. She also liked to jump in the kitchen, but her mom did not like that. One day, Lily was jumping in the kitchen when her mom was making a cake. She jumped on the table, on the chairs, and on the counter. She wanted to see what her mom was doing. She said, Mom, what are you making? Her mom said, Im making a cake for your birthday, Lily. But you have to stop jumping in the kitchen. You can make a mess or hurt yourself. Why dont you go and play with your toys in your room? Lily said, But I like to jump, mom. Jumping is fun. And I want to see the cake. Can I help you? Her mom said, No, Lily. The cake is a surprise. And jumping is not fun in the kitchen. Its dangerous. You can burn yourself or break something. Please go and play with your toys in your room. Ill call you when the cake is ready. Lily was sad. She did not want to leave the kitchen. She wanted to jump and see the cake. But she knew her mom was right. Jumping in the kitchen was not a good idea. She said, Okay, mom. Im sorry. Ill go and play with my toys in my room. But can I jump on my bed? Her mom said, Yes, Lily. You can jump on your bed. But be careful. And dont jump too high. I love you, Lily. Happy birthday. Lily said, I love you too, mom. Thank you for the cake. I cant wait to see it. She gave her mom a hug and a kiss. Then she ran to her room and jumped on her bed. She was a gifted girl. She could jump very high and do many tricks.Ben liked to ride his bike. He had a red bike with two big wheels and a bell. He always wore his helmet when he rode his bike. His helmet was blue and had a star on it. His helmet kept his head safe. One day, Ben wanted to ride his bike to the park. He asked his mom if he could go. His mom said yes, but he had to be back before lunch. She gave him a hug and a kiss and told him to have fun. Ben put on his helmet and got on his bike. He was very happy. He rode his bike along the sidewalk, past the houses and the trees. He saw some birds and some dogs and some cars. He rang his bell and waved to the people he met. He was having a lot of fun. He got to the park and saw some other kids playing. He parked his bike near a bench and took off his helmet. He put his helmet on the bench and ran to join the kids. They played on the swings and the slide and the sandbox. They laughed and shouted and had a good time. But Ben forgot about his helmet. He left it on the bench. He did not see a big dog come by and sniff his helmet. The dog liked the smell of Bens helmet. He picked it up with his mouth and ran away. He chewed and bit and tore Bens helmet. He spoiled Bens helmet. When Ben was done playing, he said goodbye to the kids and went back to his bike. He looked for his helmet, but he could not find it. He saw some pieces of his helmet on the ground. He saw some teeth marks and some drool on his helmet. He felt very sad. His helmet was spoiled. He picked up his helmet and got on his bike. He rode his bike back home. He was not happy. He did not ring his bell or wave to the people. He got home and showed his mom his helmet. His mom saw his helmet and felt sorry for him. She hugged him and said she was sorry. She said she would get him a new helmet. She said there were many helmets available at the store. She said he could pick one he liked. She said she loved him. Ben felt a little better. He thanked his mom and said he loved her too. He hoped he would find a new helmet soon. He hoped it would be blue and have a star on it. He hoped no dog would spoil it. He learned to always keep his helmet with him when he rode his bike. He still liked to ride his bike. He was a good boy.There was once a tree that lived in a park. Every day it let the children play below it. It was happy and content until one day something strange happened. The park became very quiet. The tree was confused. It couldnt understand what was happening. Then it heard something that made it confused even more. Someone said that the park was not permitting anyone to be there. The tree was very sad. It didnt understand why the people wouldnt be able to play in the park anymore. But then, one day, it heard a noise. The park was alive with childrens laughter again! The tree was so happy. It understood that the people had been given permission to play in the park again. The tree was glad that it could now once again watch the children playing and having fun, just like it had been doing all along.Jim and Maya were playing together in the park. Jim asked Maya if they could get an ice cream. But Maya disagreed. She said she wanted to play with a small rubber stamp she had found. Jim wasnt sure about that, but he didnt want to disagree with Maya, so they both put a small stamp on the bench. They were both very happy and ran around the park, chasing each other and laughing. Suddenly, Jim saw an ice cream van. He stopped and asked Maya again. But this time, she was sure she didnt want an ice cream. She just wanted to play with her stamp. So Jim and Maya continued to play, and eventually, they both forgot about the ice cream.Every night, the ancient parent would fold up the blanket for the child. The child felt warm and safe when the blanket was folded over him. One night, the ancient parent put the blanket over the child but it was too big. The ancient parent folded the blanket in half, then half again, until it was just the right size. The ancient parent tucked the blanket around the sides of the child. The child felt so happy and couldnt believe how snug and cozy the blanket was. The ancient parent gave the child a soft kiss on the forehead, and the child fell asleep knowing he was safe and loved.Tom and Lily liked to jog in the park. They liked to see the trees, the flowers and the birds. They also liked to look for bugs. They had a jar to keep the bugs they found. One day, they saw a big, shiny bug on a leaf. It had many colors and wings. Tom wanted to catch it and put it in the jar. Lily said, No, Tom, that is a cheap thing to do. The bug is happy on the leaf. It does not want to be in the jar. Let it be free. Tom did not listen to Lily. He ran to the leaf and grabbed the bug. He put it in the jar and closed the lid. He was proud of his catch. He said, Look, Lily, I have the best bug ever. It is so pretty and rare. You are just jealous. Lily was sad and angry. She said, Tom, you are not nice. You are selfish and mean. The bug is not happy in the jar. It is scared and sad. You should let it go. It is not yours to keep. Tom did not care. He said, No, Lily, this is my bug. I caught it fair and square. I will not let it go. It is mine. But then, something bad happened. The bug was not a bug at all. It was a bee. And it was very angry. It stung Tom through the jar. Tom screamed and dropped the jar. The jar broke and the bee flew away. Tom cried and held his hand. It hurt a lot. Lily ran to Tom and helped him. She said, Tom, I am sorry you are hurt. But you should have listened to me. You should not take things that are not yours. You should respect the life of others. That is the right thing to do. Tom nodded and said, Lily, you are right. I was wrong. I was cheap and greedy. I should have let the bee be. I am sorry. Can you forgive me? Lily smiled and said, Yes, Tom, I forgive you. You are my friend. But next time, please be more careful and kind. And maybe we should look for other bugs. Bees are not fun to play with. Tom agreed and said, Yes, Lily, you are right. Bees are not fun to play with. They are better to watch from far away. And there are many other bugs to find. Lets go and jog some more. Maybe we will see a butterfly or a ladybug. They are pretty and gentle. And they do not sting. Lily and Tom hugged and jogged away. They learned a lesson that day. They learned to be respectful and not cheap. And they had more fun with the bugs that did not hurt them.Once there was a little girl who really loved to celebrate. Every weekend her family celebrated something. One weekend they celebrated the sun. They put their hands out and shouted hurray for the sun! One day there was a special celebration. The little girl went to the hospital to take an xray. She was a little bit shy because she didnt know what an xray was. But the doctor was so friendly and explained it to her. When the xray was done she was so happy. Her family celebrated by having a big party. All her friends came over and they ate cake, played games, and had so much fun. After the party was over the little girl knew that it was because of the xray that they had a reason to celebrate. She was so glad that she was able to take an xray and have a reason to celebrate with her family and friends.Once there was a small boy who was very wealthy. He lived in a big house and had lots of toys. One day, he started to sneeze. It was not a normal sneeze like most people have. The sneezing was so bad that he couldnt stop! He went to the doctor and the doctor did a special test to find out what was wrong. The doctor told the boy and his family that he had allergies and he need to take special medicine. The wealthy boy was happy. He did not have to sneeze any more! He was so glad that he had a doctor who was able to help him. The wealthy boy was able to play with all of his toys without having to worry about sneezing.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved the color green and always ate yummy vegetables. One day, Lily went to the park to play with her friend, Timmy. Hi, Timmy! Do you want to play on the swings? asked Lily. No, I want to climb the big tree! said Timmy. Lily was scared of climbing trees, but she didnt want to say no to her friend. She tried to climb the tree, but she fell down and hurt her arm. She cried and cried. Timmy didnt know what to do. He felt bad and said, Im sorry, Lily. I didnt know you couldnt climb trees. Are you okay? Lily shook her head and said, No, it hurts. Timmy ran to get help, but it was too late. Lily had to go to the hospital and get a cast on her arm. She couldnt play with Timmy for a long time. She missed her friend and wished she had said no to climbing the tree.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily who loved animals. One day, she found a little bird that had fallen out of its nest. Oh no! Little birdie, are you okay? she said. The birdie couldnt fly, so Lily decided to take care of it. Lily made a cozy bed for the birdie to lay in and gave it some water and seeds to eat. Dont worry, little birdie. You can stay with me until you feel better, she said. The birdie was very patient and stayed with Lily for a few days. One morning, Lily woke up to find that the birdie was gone. She looked everywhere for it and finally found it outside. The birdie had learned how to fly again! Good job, little birdie! Im so proud of you, she said. The birdie chirped happily and flew away, but Lily knew that it would always remember the kind girl who helped it when it was hurt.Once upon a time, there was a little bird with black wings. The bird liked to fly high in the sky and touch the clouds. One day, the bird saw a little girl walking in the park. The girl saw the bird and wanted to touch its black wings. The bird was scared at first, but then it realized the girl was friendly. The little girl touched the birds wings and they both smiled. From that day on, the bird and the little girl became good friends and played together every day.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Sophie. Sophie was only threeyearsold and she was very curious. She wanted to learn new things all the time. One day, Sophie saw a thick hut in the woods. She was excited to learn what was inside. She ran to the hut and opened the door. Inside the hut, Sophie saw lots of things she had never seen before. There were colorful boxes, strange shapes and funny instruments. She was so happy to learn all about these things. Sophie spent all afternoon in her new hut, discovering new and exciting things. Whenever she had a question, she would look around and learn the answer. Sophie had an amazing day learning about all the things in her thick hut. She never wanted it to end!Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play outside and climb trees. One day, he found a suit hanging on a branch. It was a disgusting suit because it was dirty and smelly. Timmy said, Ew, that suit is disgusting! Just then, a man walked by and saw Timmy looking at the suit. Hello there, young man, said the man. Do you like that suit? Timmy shook his head and said, No, its disgusting! The man laughed and said, I agree, it is quite disgusting. I was going to throw it away, but maybe you can use it for playing dressup. Timmys eyes lit up and he said, Yes, I would love that! And so, Timmy took the disgusting suit and hung it up in his treehouse. Now, he could play dressup whenever he wanted.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy had long hair and his mommy said it was time for a haircut. Timmy didnt want a haircut because he thought it would look silly. One day, Timmy and his friend Billy were playing outside. They decided to race each other to the big tree at the end of the street. Timmy was running so fast that his hair was flying everywhere. Billy laughed and said, You need a haircut, Timmy! Timmy got mad and said, No, I dont want a silly haircut! He ran home crying and his mommy tried to comfort him. But Timmy was still sad and refused to get a haircut. Sadly, Timmys hair got so long that he tripped over it while running and hurt himself badly. His mommy took him to the hospital and the doctors couldnt fix his broken leg. Timmy learned that sometimes its better to listen to grownups and get a silly haircut than to get hurt.Mummy and Daddy were sitting in the living room. Daddy said to Mummy, We need to give Sam the pill. It tastes bad, but it will help him get better. Mummy and Daddy went upstairs to Sams room. Sam was sitting in bed. Daddy said, Sam, we need to give you a pill. It tastes bad. Can you be brave? Sam looked up at Daddy and shook his head. He said, No, I dont want to taste it. Mummy said, Its ok, sweetie. It wont last long. Well get you something yummy afterwards. How about an ice cream? Sam thought for a moment and then nodded. He opened his mouth and Daddy put the pill in. Sam made a face and said, Yuck, that tastes bad! But in a few moments, Daddy had given him a yummy ice cream and Sam felt better.Once upon a time, there lived a rat. He was very brave and he wanted to travel. He packed his bags and went for a long journey. He had a mild trip, until he reached a forest. When he travelled through the forest, he heard someone talking. Suddenly, he saw a big rat. The big rat said, Im the king of this forest. You must give me something or else Ill eat you!â The brave rat was very scared and he did not know what to do. The king rat said, If you dont give me something, Ill eat you!â The brave rat knew he couldnt escape and so he gave the king rat all his packed items. But it was not enough. The king rat said, I still want more!â The brave rat started to cry and begged, Please dont eat me! I dont have anything else to give you!â But the mean king rat didnt listen and he ate the brave rat. That was the end of the poor brave rats journey. He had a bad ending.Once upon a time, there was a very lucky bear. He had coal. He had a lot of coal. He kept it in a messy pile. He loved his coal. Every day he would look at it and smile. But one day, something amazing happened. The coal didnt stay coal. It started to move and shake. The bear watched as the coal changed. Slowly, he saw it become something else. The coal became diamonds! Bright and sparkly diamonds! They were the most beautiful diamonds the bear had ever seen. The bear was so excited that he gathered up all the diamonds and made a big, shiny necklace. He was so proud of his necklace! Every day he would show it off to his friends and everyone was so happy. The bear will never forget his coal and how it became something very special and very beautiful.Once upon a time, there was a naughty little monkey called Jim. He lived in the jungle with his family. One day, Jim wanted to play with metal. He asked his mom, Can I play with metal?. His mom said, No, Jim. Metal is very dangerous and you could get hurt. Jim felt sad, but he was a good boy and he respected his moms request. Later, Jims brother Billy came to play. He saw the metal and asked to play with it. Letting out a big sigh, Jimmys mom said, No Billy. I already told Jim that metal is very dangerous and you must not play with it. But suddenly, the naughty Billy laughed playfully and ran off with the metal. Jimmy was shocked! He chased after his brother and said, Billy, you have to put down the metal and listen to Mommys request. In the end, Billy heard his brothers request and put down the metal. Jim was so happy that his brother was now safe. He hugged Billy and smiled.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim had a very tidy room. One day, Tims mom told him not to go into the kitchen. She said, I warn you, Tim, do not go in the kitchen today. Tim was a curious boy. He wanted to see what was in the kitchen. He thought, I will just take a little look. So, when his mom was not looking, Tim went into the kitchen. In the kitchen, Tim saw a big pot on the stove. It was hot and steamy. Tim wanted to see what was inside the pot. He climbed up on a chair, but he slipped and fell. The hot pot fell too. Tim was hurt and cried. His mom came running and was sad. She wished Tim had listened to her warning.Once upon a time there was a girl. The girl was wearing a skirt. She wanted to sharpen her pencil, but she was having trouble. The pencil was so tough, she couldnt make it sharp. Suddenly, an idea came to her! She took her skirt and used it to sharpen the pencil. She was so happy when it became sharp. She used it to draw a picture of herself, wearing her skirt. And she lived happily ever after.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Katie. She was three years old and loved to play dressup. One day she found a gray suit hanging in her closet. She tried to put it on and it fit her perfectly. Wow! said Katie. This looks really nice! Katie put her arms out and twirled around. She felt like a princess in her new suit. She went downstairs to show her mom. Oh, thats your grandfathers old suit! said Katies mom. It looks like it fits you perfectly! Katie was so excited. She twirled around some more and felt so proud in her new gray suit. She knew she looked just like a princess. She smiled and asked her mom if she could keep the suit. Of course you can, said her mom with a smile. And so Katie was able to keep the suit and she loved wearing it every day. It fit her perfectly, like a princess!Once there was a little girl called Lucy. She was very impatient and had a special tool that she used everywhere. It was called a ruler and she used it to measure things. One day, Lucy wanted to measure her new magazine. She was sure it was big, but she wanted to know exactly how big it was. She grabbed her ruler and started to measure. When Lucy was done, she was so excited. She found out it was 17.5 inches long and 11.6 inches tall. But she couldnt wait to show her friend. So she ran as fast as she could, ruler in hand, to her friends house. When she arrived, she was so proud to share all the measurements she took. Her friend was so impressed that she measured the magazine. Lucy was happy to show her how important measuring is.Once there was a little girl who loved to read. She would take her books everywhere she went and read them anytime she could. She had so much fun reading and always learned something new. One day, however, the little girl wanted to be creative with her time. Instead of reading, she wanted to make things and do something else. But all of the things she tried couldnt keep her interested. So one day, the little girl decided to stop reading altogether. She thought that she could find happiness if she didnt have to read at all. But she quickly found that without reading, she was bored, frustrated and unhappy. She had to eventually go back to her books in order to feel content. The moral of this story is that reading is important, and its something that should never be taken for granted. Taking some time to read can be creative in its own way, and it can bring joy to a persons life.Johny was feeling uncomfortable. He was trying to sort his toys, but they wouldnt stay on the stand. He kept picking them up off the ground, but they kept falling back off. He got more and more frustrated. Suddenly, he had an idea! He got a bigger stand from his mum and now he could sort his toys. He put the bigger stand near the small one, but this time some of the toys stayed up! He smiled and carried on sorting until all his toys were back on their stand. He was much happier now.Once there was a little girl called Jenny. She was three years old and loved sorting things. One day, Jennys mommy had some pink clothes to wash. She asked Jenny to sort the clothes for her. Jenny went to work sorting the clothes into two piles. She put one pile of pink clothes in the washing machine and the other pile in the sink. When the washing machine finished, Jenny was supposed to take the clothes out, but the clothes were still wet. Jenny was feeling a little frustrated, but her mommy was very kind and gentle. She said to Jenny, Thats ok, we can always try again. The next time, Jenny made sure to sort the clothes more carefully. She was gentle with the clothes and made sure to sort the delicate ones separately. Finally, when the clothes were all clean and dry, Jennys mommy thanked her for being so helpful and sorting the clothes so well. Jenny was proud of herself and said, It wasnt too harsh, was it?Lucy was excited to go for a walk and see new things. She grabbed Mommys hand and started skipping down the street. She noticed the jolly mailbox on the corner. Mommy, whats that? she asked pointing up at it. Thats a mailbox, my love. Its where people send mail to each other, Mommy said. Lucy craned her head back to take a better look. Can we look inside it? Mommy laughed. No, honey, we cant look inside. But it sure is exciting to think about all of the different letters and packages that go in there, right? Lucy agreed and took a few steps forward to get a closer look. She wondered why it was so jolly and colorful. Lets keep walking and maybe well see something else exciting soon, Mommy said and they continued down the street.The little girl was playing in the park when she heard something that disturbed her. It sounded like a noise coming from a nearby bush. She went closer to the bush to see what was wrong. She found a small dog inside the bush. It was hurt and whimpering. The little girl quickly went to tell her mom. Her mom called a veterinarian right away. The veterinarian was very compassionate and came over to the park to help the little dog. The veterinarian checked the dog and said it needed to get special medicine for its injuries. The little girl and her mom were so grateful for the veterinarians compassion. They thanked her for helping the little dog. The veterinarian gave them a bottle of medicine and asked them to take good care of the little dog. The little girls mom agreed and thanked the veterinarian again. The little girl was happy knowing the little dog would get better soon. She was glad that the veterinarian was there to help.Little Timmy loved adventures. He lived in a small hut with his family in the countryside, but he was always eager to explore. One day, he decided to find a way to leave the hut and find his own adventure. So he packed his bag full of snacks and left. He ventured into the woods, excited to see what he could find. Soon enough, he stumbled upon a cave. There was a sign marking the entrance that said DARE! Intrigued, Timmy entered the cave. In the cave, Timmy saw amazing things crystals that glowed in the dark and pools of sparkling water. He was so excited! But then he heard footsteps coming his way. He was startled was it a monster? He looked up, and saw a giant! But he was kindlooking, and he smiled at Timmy. The giant asked him, Are you here to take the challenge? He said that if Timmy was brave enough, he could take on an amazing mission. Timmy was scared, but he felt brave too. He nodded his head, and said confidently, Yes, I dare!Once upon a time, there was a big, wide tree. A little boy named Tim and a small cat named Kitty played near the tree. They liked to put stones in the deep hole under the tree. One day, Tim said, Lets put more stones in the hole! Kitty meowed and they put many stones in the hole. They were having fun, but they did not know that the hole was home to a sad bug. The sad bug said, Please, do not put more stones in my home. But Tim and Kitty did not hear the bug. They kept putting stones in the hole until it was full. The sad bugs home was gone. Tim and Kitty went home, not knowing they had made the bug very sad. The bug had to find a new home, but it was not easy. The bug cried and wished Tim and Kitty had listened.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Joe. Joe liked to play with his friends, but his favorite toy was a flag. Every day, Joe would take his flag outside and fly it in the wind. He would tell stories with his friends about all the places his flag could fly to. Joe had a regular day playing with his flag. One day, Joe saw something special in the sky. It was a magical rainbow flag. Joe was so excited that he shouted for his friends to come and look. They all told stories about the beautiful flag, each one more exciting than the next. After that, Joe started to take his flag outside more often. He flew it in the wind and told stories about the magical flag and all the places it could go. Joe had regular friends come and play outside with him, too. They all had a great time. Joe was so happy, and he learned something important. He realized that as long as he kept telling stories, his flag could take him anywhere.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a toy car that was hers, and she loved it very much. One day, Lilys friend, Timmy, came over to play. Timmy saw Lilys car and wanted to play with it, but Lily said, No, its mine! Timmy got upset and started to cry. Lily felt bad that Timmy was sad, so she tried to think of a way to make him happy. She remembered that she had another toy car that was just like hers. She went to get it and gave it to Timmy. He was so enthusiastic and happy to have his own car to play with. But then, Lily realized that her toy car wouldnt fit in the toy garage that she had. She started to get upset because she loved her car too. Timmy saw that Lily was sad and asked her what was wrong. Lily explained the problem, and Timmy had an idea. He suggested that they build a bigger garage together so that both of their cars could fit. Lily thought it was a great idea, and they worked together to build a new garage. In the end, they were both happy and had fun playing with their cars.Once upon a time, there was an elderly man. He loved to play with balloons. One day, he found a big, red balloon in his yard. He wanted to see how high the balloon could go. So, he started to push the balloon up into the sky. The balloon went higher and higher. The elderly man was very happy. As the balloon went up, a little bird saw it. The bird liked the balloon too. The bird helped the elderly man push the balloon even higher. They all had lots of fun together. And they became the best of friends.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside and run around with her friends. One day, Lily saw a patient man walking down the street. He looked very tired and his feet hurt. Lily wanted to help the patient man, so she ran over to him and asked if he needed any support. The patient man was very grateful for Lilys kindness and thanked her for offering to help. Lily walked with the patient man and talked to him to make him feel better. She told him about her favorite toys and games to play. The patient man smiled and said that Lilys kind words and support made him feel much better. From that day on, Lily always looked out for people who needed support and helped them feel better when they were hurt.Once upon a time, there was a large green frog. The frog lived near a big pond with many friends. They liked to play and jump all day. One day, the frog found a mint leaf near the pond. The leaf smelled very nice. The frog had an idea and wanted to share the mint leaf with a friend. The frog went to his friend, a small yellow duck. The frog said, I give you this mint leaf. The duck was happy and thanked the frog. They played together with the mint leaf, and it was a fun day for both of them.Once upon a time, there was a little mole. He lived in a hole in the ground. The mole was sad because his days were boring. He wanted to do something fun. One day, the mole found a box. The box had the word mail on it. The mole thought, I can send mail to my friends! He was very excited to do something new. The mole wrote a note for his friends. He put the note in the box and sent it. Soon, his friends got the mail and wrote back. The mole was happy because his days were not boring anymore.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. He loved to play outside with his friends. One day, they decided to have a race to see who could run the fastest. Timmy was determined to win. As the race started, Timmy ran as fast as he could. He felt his heart beating fast and his breath getting tight. But he didnt give up. He kept running and running until he finally reached the finish line. He raised his arms up in victory and shouted, I won! His friends came over and congratulated him. You did it, Timmy! You ran so fast! one of them said. Timmy smiled and waved at them. Thanks, guys! It was a tough race, but I did it! he replied. From that day on, Timmy felt proud of himself for winning the race. He knew that if he worked hard and never gave up, he could achieve anything he wanted.Once upon a time, there lived two best friends Sarah and Josh. Every day they went to the beach and played together. As they ran and laughed, they stumbled upon a small tank full of yummy treats. Josh said,Lets shut the tank and save the treats for later! Sarah smiled and nodded. Quickly, they shut the tank tightly. The day went quickly, and the sun began to set. As Sarah and Josh packed up to go home, Sarah said What about the tank? Josh smiled, Lets hurry back soon and open it up for a yummy treat. The two friends ran home. When they returned the next day, they opened the tank and shared the yummy treats as they laughed and played in the sun.Once there was a boy who was very selfish. Every day he would take a toy from one of his friends without asking, and not give it back. His friends were very unhappy, because they wanted to play with their toys too. One day, his mom saw him taking a toy from one of his friends. She became very angry and decided to punish him for being so selfish. She asked him to tie a knot in a piece of string, and then untangle it. The boy tried, but the knot was too hard. He then realized how selfish he had been and asked his mom to forgive him. His mom knew he was sorry and let him off the punishment. From then on, the boy never took any of his friends toys again.Once upon a time, in a small town, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim was very quick. He loved to run and play with his friends. One sunny day, Tim and his friends were playing with a ball in the park. Tims friend, Sam, threw the ball high in the sky. Tim had to be very careful, so he did not fall. He jumped and tried to pass the ball back to Sam. The ball went so high that it touched the clouds. Tim and his friends played until the sun went down. They were all happy and tired. They went home to eat dinner and rest. Tim was proud of how careful and quick he was today. And they all had fun playing together.Once there was a painter who was very hungry. He had not eaten anything, all day. He rubbed his tummy and hoped something to eat would come soon. He looked around and all he could see was a big, blank wall. Suddenly, he thought of a great idea and started rubbing the wall with his hands. He then opened up his paint box and started to paint. The painter painted a scene of a big, juicy apple tree with lots of apples. After he was finished he stepped back and smiled. The painter was so hungry that he started to rub his mouth. Suddenly he noticed one of the apples on the wall. He rubbed it and the apple came off the wall! The painter took a bite and it was the most delicious apple he had ever tasted! He rubs his tummy and smiled. The painter was no longer hungry!One day, a boy called Jack arrived at the park. He was so excited to go outside, but he was calm. He saw lots of things to do there were swings, slides, and a pond to play in. The first thing Jack wanted to do was find a lime. He searched the grass and bushes, but he couldnt find one. Just when he thought he wasnt going to find one, he spotted two limes on the other side of the pond. With a smile, he ran to the pond and scooped up the limes. Jack had an amazing day playing at the park. He went on the swings, slid down the slide, and even sailed across the pond with his limes. When it was time to go home, Jack was tired but he was happy that he had arrived at the park. He had a calm and peaceful day and he had found two limes!Once upon a time, there was a monster that lived on the earth. He was very persistent, and he liked to hide in dark places. One day, the monster heard a little voice. It was a 3 year old child. The child asked the monster to come and play. The monster was scared and he wanted to hide, so he ran away as fast as he could! The little child was very persistent, however, and he kept calling out to the monster. He said he just wanted to be friends. The monster was still scared, but he slowly began to peek out of his hiding place. Eventually, he plucked up the courage to come out and play. The monster and the child became friends, and for many years after, the monster came out every day to play. They laughed and smiled together and no matter how scared the monster got, the child was always persistent in asking him to come out and play. The monster and the childs friendship was one that could not be broken, and it was the happiest the monster had ever been in his entire life.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, Lilys mom made her some broccoli for dinner. Lily didnt like broccoli, but she knew it was good for her. As she was eating, she noticed something strange. Mommy, my broccoli looks like a tree! she said excitedly. It does appear to look like a tree, her mom replied. Lily continued to eat her broccoli, pretending she was a giant eating trees. This broccoli is yummy, she said happily. Im glad you like it, her mom said with a smile. After dinner, Lily went to bed feeling full and happy. She dreamt of a magical land where broccoli trees grew as tall as the sky. From that day on, she didnt mind eating broccoli as much.Once there was a little girl called Sarah. She was very happy and enjoyed playing in her garden with her friends. One day, she saw a bug that was crawling around. She thought it was so cute and she wanted to pick it up. Sarah was very excited and bent down to pick up the bug. All of a sudden, there was a loud noise that disturbed Sarah. She was scared and quickly stood up. She saw that a bird had made the noise and flew away. Sarah was frustrated that she could not pick up the bug. She did not understand why the bird scared it away. Sarah was very upset and went inside her house. She did not feel like playing in the garden anymore, so she went and watched a movie. Even though she was sad, she was still happy that she saw the bug.John and Bob were best friends. They liked to play all sorts of games. One day John got an idea. He had a magnet and he wanted to have fun with it. Bob didnt mind, so they decided to go out and explore. They walked to the park and John started to play with the magnet. He picked up paper and twigs and was having lots of fun. Bob was getting bored so he suggested they go to the playground instead. But John didnt want to. Bob said, Why dont you mind, John? There are lots of fun things to do in the playground. John ignored Bob and kept playing with the magnet. Finally Bob got angry and shouted, Okay, Im going home. Have fun playing with your boring magnet! John stayed alone in the park, playing with the magnet. But it wasnt fun anymore.Once upon a time there was a big lion. He was brave and strong and liked to roar. Every day, the lion liked to run to the sea. The sea was a big and blue and it was very fun to play in. As the lion ran across the sand, he saw a small crab. The crab was very obedient and stayed still. The lion roared and the crab got scared. But then, it obeyed the lion and slowly crawled away. The lion was so happy he roared louder. He roared so loud that it echoed across the sea. The lion was so proud and content. He had had a very fun day at the sea.Tom is a normal boy. He likes to play with his toys and his dog. He has a big red ball that he can kick and throw. He likes to give his ball to his dog and watch him run after it. One day, Tom and his dog go to the park. They see a girl with a yellow dress and a blue bike. The girl is very quick on her bike. She can go up and down the hills and around the trees. Tom thinks she is cool. Tom wants to be friends with the girl. He thinks maybe she will like his ball. He runs to her and says, Hi, I am Tom. This is my ball. Do you want to play with it? He gives his ball to the girl. The girl smiles and says, Hi, I am Mia. Thank you for your ball. It is very nice. Do you want to try my bike? She gives her bike to Tom. Tom is happy and surprised. He has never ridden a bike before. He tries to get on the bike, but it is too big for him. He falls down and hurts his knee. He cries. Mia runs to him and says, I am sorry, Tom. Are you okay? Here, take your ball back. It is better for you. And here, have a hug. It will make you feel better. She gives him his ball and a hug. Tom stops crying and smiles. He says, Thank you, Mia. You are very kind. I like you. Do you want to be my friend? Mia says, Yes, Tom. I like you too. You are very brave. Do you want to play with me and my bike? I can teach you how to ride it. Tom says, Yes, Mia. I want to play with you and your bike. You can teach me how to ride it. And I can teach you how to throw my ball. We can have fun together. Tom and Mia become friends. They play with the ball and the bike. They share and give and learn. They are normal and quick and happy.Once upon a time, there was a humble rabbit named Benny. He liked to stand on his hind legs and hop around. One day, Benny found a shiny diamond in the grass. He was so happy and showed it to his friend, a little bird. Look, look! Benny said, holding up the diamond. Pretty! The bird looked at the diamond and said, Wow, thats amazing! Can I hold it? Benny gave the diamond to the bird, who flew up into the sky with it. Benny watched as the diamond sparkled in the sun. He felt proud and happy that he had found something so special. From that day on, Benny continued to stand tall and hop around, grateful for the little things in life.Lily was a little girl who liked to play with her toys. She had a doll, a bear, a ball and a car. She liked to make them talk and move. She was very happy. One day, she saw a new toy in the shop. It was a cat. A cat that could blink and meow. Lily wanted the cat very much. She asked her mom if she could have it. Her mom said yes, but only if she was good. Lily was very good. She helped her mom with the dishes, the laundry and the dusting. She did not cry or fuss. She was very patient. When they went back to the shop, Lily ran to the cat. She picked it up and hugged it. She felt its soft fur and its wet nose. She saw its green eyes blink at her. She heard it meow softly. She was very happy. She thanked her mom and took the cat home. She gave it a name Fluffy. She played with Fluffy all day. She fed it, brushed it and cuddled it. She kissed its lip and whispered in its ear. She was very happy. Fluffy was happy too. It liked Lily very much. It followed her everywhere. It was very alert. It watched her toys, her books and her bed. It was very curious. They became best friends. Lily and Fluffy. They blinked, meowed and smiled at each other. They were very happy.Once upon a time there was a little girl called katrine. She had a great big smile and she was always happy. One day she was so excited to go to the park and swing on the swing. Katrine sat on the swing and she began to swing back and forth. As the swing started to go higher and higher, she noticed something on the ground. What is it? She thought to herself. She jumped off the swing and found an impressive diamond. She picked it up and showed it to her mom. Mom, can I keep this?, she asked. Her mom hesitated but finally responded, You know diamonds have a lot of value. So, I guess you can keep it. Katrine was so happy and ran around the park, showing her diamond to everyone. Suddenly a man appeared and said, Where did you get that diamond?. Katrine didnt know what to do so she stayed quiet. The man took the diamond away, explaining that it was his. Katrine was sad and disappointed that she had to give away something of value. She knew nothing implressive would ever be hers.John and his parents decided to go for a ride in the park. John saw an old man standing beside a motorcycle, so he asked his dad Dad, can I have a ride on that motorcycle? Dad looked kindly at John and said John, we should be compassionate. This old man must need the motorcycle more than we do. We should ask him if he would be willing to borrow it to us. Johns parents walked over to the old man and asked politely if they could borrow his motorcycle. The old man looked surprised, but he said Of course, Id be happy to let you borrow it. Thank you for being so respectful. John was excited to ride the motorcycle, but he remembered that his parents had taught him to be respectful and compassionate. He learned you must always be kind and considerate to others. John thanked the old man and said goodbye when it was time for them to leave. The old man smiled and waved goodbye, grateful for their understanding. John and his family had a wonderful time in the park, and he remembered the importance of being compassionate and polite.Once upon a time there was a big shelf. It was very tall and had lots of different toys on it. One day, the shelf began to shrink. It slowly got smaller and smaller. The toys on the shelf couldnt believe what was happening. They all hopped off quickly so they wouldnt get squished. Whats happening? asked a blue toy car. Im not sure, replied a yellow stuffed bear. Suddenly, a voice came from the shelf. Im shrinking because there arent enough toys available now, said the shelf. The toys were surprised. The yellow bear asked, What can we do to help? If more toys were available, then I wouldnt shrink anymore, said the shelf. The toys all rushed around to look for more toys. Soon, they had enough to fill the shelf. The shelf stopped shrinking and was back to its usual size. The toys cheered in delight! They all hopped back onto the shelf, ready to have lots of fun together.John and his mom were looking at some clothes in the store. His mom told him they were going to measure the clothes to make sure they fit correctly. She showed him a hanger. This is what well use to measure the clothes, she said. John held the hanger excitedly and said, It looks funny! His mom looked at him and started to laugh. Yes, its funnylooking, isnt it? But this hanger helps us measure the length of the clothes, she said. John was confused. What does measure mean, Mommy? he asked. His mom smiled and said, To measure something is to find out how big or how small it is. We dont know how big or how small these clothes are yet thats why its an unknown! John smiled and said, Okay! I know how the hanger can help us measure now! Mom ruffled Johns hair and said, Thats right! Lets go find out how big or how small the clothes are!Once upon a time, there was a chubby cat named Mittens. Mittens loved to play with yarn and eat fish. One day, Mittens found a case in the backyard. She didnt know what was inside, but she wanted to see. As she was about to open the case, a dog named Max came over. Max wanted to fight Mittens for the case. Mittens didnt want to fight, but she didnt want to give up the case either. They started to fight and Mittens scratched Max. Max ran away and Mittens was happy she won the case. She opened it up and found a toy mouse inside. She played with the toy mouse all day and forgot about the fight with Max. From that day on, Mittens was known as the champion of the backyard.Bee and Ant are friends. They like to play in the sun and look for food. One day, they find a big hive full of honey. Bee is happy. He says, This is my home. There is a lot of honey here. Do you want some? Ant is hungry. He says, Yes, please. I love honey. Thank you for sharing with me. He follows Bee to the hive. They see many other bees working and buzzing. Ant is scared. He says, Are they angry? Will they sting me? Bee says, No, they are fine. They are my family. They make honey and take care of the hive. They will not hurt you if you are nice. Come, I will show you where the honey is. He leads Ant to a comb full of golden honey. He says, Here, you can have some. But not too much. We need to save some for winter. Ant says, Okay, I understand. I will only take a little bit. It is very sweet and yummy. You are very kind, Bee. I am glad we are friends. He takes a small bite of honey and smiles. Bee smiles too. He says, Me too, Ant. You are very brave and smart. We are different, but we can share and have fun. That is what friends do. They eat some honey and then go back to play in the sun. They are happy.Anna and Ben are twins. They like to play outside in the park. One day, they see a big truck with a picture of icecream on it. They run to the truck and ask for icecream. Hello, little ones. What kind of icecream do you want? the truck man says. I want chocolate, Anna says. I want strawberry, Ben says. The truck man gives them each a cone with icecream. They pay him with their coins and say thank you. They are very happy. They sit on a bench and lick their icecream. But then, a big dog comes and barks at them. The dog is hungry and wants their icecream. Anna and Ben are scared. They hold their cones tightly and try to shoo the dog away. Go away, dog! This is our icecream! Anna says. Leave us alone, dog! You are bad! Ben says. But the dog does not listen. He jumps on the bench and tries to grab their cones. Anna and Ben scream. They feel helpless. They do not know what to do. Then, they see their mom coming. She hears their screams and sees the dog. She runs to them and chases the dog away. She hugs them and asks if they are okay. Mom, mom, you saved us! The dog wanted our icecream! Anna says. Mom, mom, you are brave! The dog was mean! Ben says. Their mom smiles and kisses them. She says they are brave too. She says they can get new icecream if they want. They say yes. They go back to the truck and get new icecream. They are happy again. They love their mom. They love icecream.Once upon a time, there was a wide fan. It was a very special fan. Every morning, it would display its bright colors. There were blues and greens and purples, too. Everyone who saw it smiled and clapped. The fan made everyone so happy that they decided to have a big party. They asked all their family and friends and everyone had so much fun. They danced and they showed the fan to everyone. The fan did not seem to get tired. It kept going and going, displaying its beautiful colors all night. Everyone smiled and said it was the best party ever! So, the wide fan displayed its many colors all around. Everyone was so happy and they all cheered. The fan was a very special and enjoyed by all.Tim and Sam were brothers. They liked to play outside in the mud. They had a big red jacket that they shared. They took turns wearing it. One day, Tim wanted to wear the jacket, but Sam said no. He said it was his turn. They started to fight over the jacket. They pulled and tugged and yelled. Stop it! Mom said. You are making a mess. Give me the jacket. I will wash it and then you can both wear it. Tim and Sam did not listen. They kept fighting. They did not see the big hole in the ground. They fell into the hole with the jacket. The hole was full of water. It was very cold and deep. Help! Tim and Sam cried. We are wet and cold. We cant get out. Mom heard them. She ran to the hole. She was scared. She tried to reach them, but she could not. She called for help. She hoped someone would come soon. But no one came. Tim and Sam were stuck in the hole. They were very sad. They wished they had listened to Mom. They wished they had not fought over the jacket. They wished they had been happy.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to chew on gum all day long. One day, he found a shiny steel coin on the street. He was so happy and showed it to his friend, Sally. Sally said, Wow, Timmy! Thats a really cool coin! But be careful, steel can be really hard and tough to chew on. Timmy didnt listen and tried to chew on the steel coin anyway. He became frustrated and hurt his teeth. He learned that not everything can be chewed on and that its important to listen to his friends. The moral of the story is to listen to your friends and not chew on things that can hurt you.Once upon a time, a small girl named Claire was walking through a forest. She looked all around, but it was so quiet and distant. Claire kept going until she came across a large tree made out of wood. She felt like the tree was special and called out Hello tree! She smiled, but then she noticed something strange. She heard someone praying beneath the tree. She was scared, but she wanted to see who it was. She tiptoed closer and noticed an old witch, murmuring strange words under her breath. Claire was so scared that her legs started shaking and she couldnt move. Help me please, she whispered, but the witch didnt hear her. The witch was too busy with her dark spells. Finally, the witch turned around, looked at Claire and started running towards her. Claire was so afraid she couldnt even scream. The witch reached out and grabbed the poor girl, dragging her deeper and deeper into the dark forest. And Claire was never seen again.One day, a cat named Tom was very hungry. He saw a tray with a big, yummy cake on it. He wanted to eat the cake, but it was on a high table. A fast bird named Tim saw Tom and wanted to help. Tim said, I can fly and get the cake for you, but you must bow to me. Tom bowed to Tim and said, Please help me get the cake. Tim flew fast and got the tray with the cake. He gave it to Tom, and they both ate the cake together. They were very happy and became good friends.Once upon a time there was a little boy called Jack. He wanted a parrot as a pet but he knew his parents wouldnt buy him one. So he decided to wait for his birthday. One day, Jack was walking through the park with his mom and he saw a thin parrot in a cage. Jacks mom told him he could take the parrot but only if he promised not to delay his birthday wish. At night Jack couldnt stop thinking about the parrot and the next day he returned to the park with his mom. But the parrot was gone! All that was left was a thin feather and Jack was sad. Jack went home to wait and on his birthday, his parents surprised him with a parrot and a cage! Jack was so happy and he realised that the parrot he had seen in the park had been a sign!Once upon a time there was a lonely little rabbit, called Tony. He was feeling very sad because he was all alone. He had no friends to play with. One day he was out looking for something to do. He stumbled across a tall tree. When he got closer, he noticed that there was something about the tree that was strange. The bark on the tree appeared to be faded and worn away. Tony wanted to restore the tree so he tried to think of what he could do. Suddenly Tony had a brilliant idea. He decided to use his bunny ears to make music to restore the tree. He hopped back a few steps, and started hopping to make beats and rhythms. The music he made was so lovely that soon birds, foxes and other animals started appearing to listen. Soon enough, Tony had some friends to play with. They all started to dance and make music together. At the end of the day, Tony and his friends had a great score of restoring the tree and they were all very proud. From then on, Tony was never lonely again.Jane was playing in her room and saw the birdcage that her dad had bought the day before. Jane was very excited and wanted to decorate the birdcage. She asked her dad, Can I decorate? Her dad smiled and replied, Yes, you can decorate it. Be creative and make it look nice. Jane got some paper, glue, painting pens and glitter. She spent all afternoon decorating the birdcage. Jane made it colourful and even added some feathers. When her dad came into the room, he was amazed. He said, Wow! That looks great! What a wonderful job! Jane was very proud of her work and said, It was really useful decorating the birdcage!Sara loved to sleep with her teddy bear. She hugged him every night and told him stories. Teddy was her best friend. But one day, Saras mom said they had to go on a trip. She said they would be gone for a long time. Sara looked at the calendar on the wall. It had many red marks on it. Mom said each mark was a day they would be away. Sara felt sad. She did not want to leave Teddy. She asked Mom if she could take him with her. Mom said no. She said Teddy was too big and there was not enough room in the suitcase. She said Teddy would be safe and happy at home. She said Sara could call him on the phone sometimes. Sara did not like this. She cried and hugged Teddy. She said she would miss him a lot. She said she was sorry. Teddy looked at her with his big brown eyes. He said he would miss her too. He said he was not sorry. He said he was proud of her. He said she was brave and smart and kind. He said he would wait for her to come back. He said he loved her. Sara smiled and kissed Teddy. She said she loved him too. She said she would call him every day. She said she would tell him about the trip. She said she would bring him a gift. She said he was the best teddy bear in the world. Sara and Mom packed their bags and got in the car. Sara waved goodbye to Teddy. Teddy waved back. He watched them drive away. He felt sad, but he also felt happy. He knew Sara would have fun and learn new things. He knew she would come back soon. He knew they would sleep together again. He closed his eyes and dreamed of Sara.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her dolls, but one day she lost her favorite one. She looked for it everywhere, but she couldnt find it. Lily started to cry and her mom tried to comfort her. Dont worry, well find your doll, she said. But Lily was still sad. The next day, Lily and her mom went for a walk and they passed by a big factory. Lily saw a sign that said Doll Factory. She got very excited and asked her mom if they could go in. When they got inside, Lily saw a lot of dolls that looked just like hers. She was so happy! But then she heard a loud noise and covered her ears. Her mom explained that the noise was coming from the factory machines and that they were very loud. Lily realized that the noise was too much for her and she felt a little deaf. She decided to leave the factory and go home with her mom. But she was happy because she found her doll and she knew that it came from the factory.Once there was a girl called Lucy. She liked to go on adventures. One day she decided to take a taxi to the zoo. On the way, she noticed a fierce lion. It was making a surprising noise. Lucy was scared but she decided to be brave. She surrendered to the lion and asked it to be her friend. The lion didnt move so Lucy took a step forward. Suddenly, the lion roared and Lucy ran back to the taxi. She was so surprised and scared but she had been brave. The lion followed her and Lucy thought she was in trouble. But the lion just wanted to come with them. Lucy and the lion shared the taxi and they arrived safe and sound at the zoo. After that day, Lucy and the lion were the best of friends. They never surrendered to their fears again!One day, a boy named Tim found a dirty staff in the park. It was big and brown. Tim liked the staff and took it home. He wanted to find something that would match the staff. Tim saw his friend, Sue, and showed her the staff. Look, Sue! I found a dirty staff! Can you help me find something to match it? Sue said, Yes, lets look for something together! They looked and looked but could not find anything to match the dirty staff. They were sad. Then, they saw a big, dirty rock. They thought it was perfect. But when they tried to pick it up, the rock was too heavy and fell on their toes. Tim and Sue cried because it hurt. They never found a match for the dirty staff and went home with sore toes.Once upon a time, there was a cute little doggy named Max. Max loved to run and play outside with his leash on. One day, Max saw a big bone on the ground and he ran to get it. But, he didnt see the bitter medicine on it. Max ate it and got sick. His owner took him to the vet to heal him. The vet gave Max some medicine and told his owner to keep him on a leash so he wouldnt eat anything bad again. Maxs owner did just that and Max got better. But one day, Maxs owner forgot to put his leash on him and Max saw another bone. He ran to get it and ate it. This time, the bone had a lot of bitter medicine on it and Max got very sick. Sadly, Max didnt heal this time and he went to doggy heaven.Once there was a little boy who wanted to play baseball. He asked his mom, Can I go play baseball? She replied, Not today, its too icy outside! The little boy frowned, but he knew that it was too dangerous to play in the icy weather. The little boy aksed his dad, Can I play baseball with you? His dad smiled and said, Yes, of course you can! The little boy jumped up with joy. Together they went to the backyard, and Dad brought out a baseball and bat. He taught the little boy how to catch and throw the ball, how to hold the bat, and how to swing it. The little boy copied his dad, and soon he and his dad were having a great time playing together. The little boy was so happy, and he shouted out to his mom, Look mom! Im playing baseball with Dad! His mom smiled and said, Looks like you finally got your request!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Sue. She was three years old and wanted to be a princess on Halloween. Sues mommy took her to the store to buy a princess costume. She looked at all the costumes and decided on a pink dress with a pretty tiara. Sues mommy paid for the costume and brought it home. When the night of Halloween came, Sue put on her costume. She was so happy that she didnt pay attention to where she was going. Suddenly, Sue tripped and fell over! Her mommy ran over to help, but the costume was all torn. Sue was so sad and started to cry. Her mommy hugged her and promised that she would buy her another costume. Even though it was careless of Sue, her mommy still loved her and they found the perfect costume. The day was saved and Sue had a great Halloween. She was careful but still enjoyed being a princess. Lesson learned, always pay attention when wearing a costume!Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to look at bugs, but he couldnt see them very good. His mom got him a microscope so he could see them better. The microscope made the bugs look bigger! Timmy was so happy. One day, Timmy was outside looking at bugs with his microscope when he heard his mom call him in for lunch. He didnt want to stop looking at the bugs, but he knew he had to go inside. He delayed for a little bit, but then he went inside. After lunch, Timmy went back outside to look at bugs again. He found a really strong ant that could carry a big crumb! Timmy was amazed. He looked at the ant through his microscope and it looked even stronger up close. Timmy loved his microscope and looking at bugs.Once upon a time, there was a kind duck. The duck lived by a river. Every day, the duck would go for a swim in the river. One day, the duck met a fish. The fish said hello to the duck and the duck nodded back. They became friends and swam together every day. One day, the river became very fast and the fish could not swim well. The duck saw the fish struggling and knew he had to help. The duck used his beak to carry the fish to safety. The fish was very grateful and thanked the duck. The duck just nodded and they continued to be friends. From that day on, the duck and the fish always looked out for each other. They swam in the river together and had many adventures. They were the best of friends and nothing could ever break their bond. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Sue. Sue had a doll that she loved very much. The doll was very smart and could match things together. One day, Sue played a game with her doll. They had to match the same colors. The doll was very good at it because she was intelligent. Sue was happy to have a smart doll to play with. In the end, Sue and her doll had a fun day playing the matching game. They laughed and played until it was time for bed. Sue hugged her doll and they both went to sleep, excited to play together again the next day.Once upon a time, there was a radish who lived in a tall tree in the forest. The radish was very brave and he wanted to explore the world. One day, he decided to leave the safety of his tree and went out on an adventure. He soon found a carrot carrying a big basket. The radish asked to borrow the basket, so he could store his treasures. The carrot was happy to help and handed over the basket. The radish continued his journey but soon he came across a dangerous river. He was scared, but knew he needed to cross it. The radish asked the frog if he could carry him across. The frog said yes and the radish hopped onto the frogs back. The frog finally took the radish to the other side of the river and the radish said thank you. The radish stayed safe and he was able to go on more exciting adventures. He never forgot the helpful frog who helped him cross the dangerous river.Once there was a strong farmer who lived on a beautiful farm. One day the farmer decided to go out and discover what was in the fields. As he went around the farm, the farmer saw a cornfield full of beautiful yellow corn. The farmer was very happy and he shouted out, Oh wow! Ive discovered corn! The farmer decided that he wanted to save the corn for a special meal, so he took some back to the farmhouse. When he got home, he showed the corn to his wife and said, Look at what I discovered today! Isnt it beautiful? The wife looked at the corn and said, Its lovely, but you should have left some for the other people who live on this farm. That way everyone can benefit from what you have discovered. The farmer thought about his wifes words and decided that she was right. So he took some of the corn back to the field and left it for the other people to enjoy. This story teaches us that it is important to share what we have with others. Being strong means being generous and always thinking of others.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, Lily and her mom went outside to gather some flowers. They found many pretty flowers in different colors. Lily loved the pink ones the most. Suddenly, Lilys mom felt sick. She had a fever. Lily had seen her mom use a thermometer before, so she ran inside to get it. She brought it back to her mom and helped her use it. The thermometer showed that her mom had a high temperature. Lily said, Mommy, you have a fever. We need to take care of you. Her mom smiled and said, Thank you, Lily. Youre not stupid. Youre very smart and helpful. Lily felt happy that she could help her mom feel better.Mama and Papa took Sarah to the fireplace, and Sarah was excited. She had never been to the fireplace before. Mama and Papa picked up some wood and put it in the fireplace. Sarah said, Wow! Then Mama lit a match and she lit the wood in the fireplace, and a fire began to burn. Sarah was so amazed! She said, Look! Fire! Papa said, Remember, Sarah, to never touch the fire. Next, Sarah and Mama and Papa sat together in front of the fireplace, and they toasted marshmallows. They put them on a stick and held them near the fire, and when they were golden brown, Mama and Papa put the marshmallows in a bowl with some spicy sauce. Sarah smiled, and it made Mama and Papa laugh. Suddenly, Mama reached for Sarahs hand and gave it a squeeze to remind her of how hot the fire was. Sarah smiled and said, I remember!Once there was a kind bear who had a big problem his sweater was too small! He tried to stretch it out with his paws but it still didnt fit. He sat sadly until he heard a voice say Never fear, I can help! The bear turned around to see a tiny mouse standing there. He had a needle This needle can help us sort this problem out! The bear thanked the mouse and they worked together to make his sweater just right. When they finished, the bear hugged the mouse. Thank you for being so kind and helping me. The mouse smiled and said Friends help one another. That is what friends do!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play hide and seek with her friends. One day, Lily and her friends went to a big castle. They found a secret chamber and decided to hide there. Lilys friend Emma said, Lets count to ten and then go find each other! Lily said, Okay, I will count first! Lily started counting, One, two, three... but she stopped when she heard a loud noise. It sounded really bad! Lily was scared and ran out of the chamber. Her friends followed her and they all went home. When they got home, Lilys mom asked her what happened. Lily said, We found a secret chamber and played hide and seek, but then we heard a bad noise and got scared. Lilys mom hugged her and said, Its okay. Sometimes things can be scary, but you were brave to run away and keep yourself safe. Lily felt better and went to bed with a smile on her face.Once upon a time, there was a big boat on the sea. It was dark outside and the boat had to work hard to move through the waves. The captain of the boat was a kind man who loved his job. He had to work all night to make sure the boat stayed on course. Suddenly, the boat hit a big wave and the captain fell overboard into the dark sea. He tried to swim, but he was too tired. Just when he thought he was going to sink, a friendly dolphin came to rescue him. The dolphin swam the captain safely back to the boat. From that day on, the captain had a new friend and helper. The dolphin would swim alongside the boat and help it work through the waves. And whenever the sea got dark and scary, the captain knew he had a friend to help him through.Once upon a time there was a little kid named Jack. He was three years old. One day, Jack went to the park to play. As he was playing he saw something weird. The weird thing was a small box with a bright light coming out of it. Jack wanted to see what was inside the box. He held the box with both of his hands and opened it. To his surprise there was a small box inside the box. Inside the small box was a note which read the truth is inside. Jack looked inside the small box and found a ring with a shining ruby. He held the ring in his hands and wished for something. Suddenly he heard a voice in his head telling him the truth about himself. The truth was that Jack was a magical kid who had special powers. Jack was so shocked to realize his truth and felt very weird. He quickly put the ring back into the box and closed the lid. From then on Jack never revealed his truth to anyone, but he held it close to his heart.Once upon a time, there was a small girl who liked to explore the ground. One day she went exploring, but when she returned she was really angry. She had discovered that someone had taken away all the beautiful things she had found on her adventure. She couldnt understand why anyone would do such a thing, so she started to cry. Just then, a kind old man saw what had happened. He told the little girl he would do his best to restore the ground to its former glory. The old man worked hard, replacing all the things the little girl had found on her adventure. After some time, the ground was restored. The little girl was so happy to see all the things on the ground as they had once been. She thanked the old man for his kindness and promised never to forget it. From then on, the little girl was always careful not to upset the ground, so nobody ever had to restore it again.Once upon a time, there was the bravest boy. He was curious and wanted to explore the world. He loved to go surfing. One day, he was out on the ocean when his surfboard broke. He was sad. He thought he would never be able to go back in the water. Just then, he saw a helpful and kind man. He said to the boy, I can help repair your surfboard. The happy boy thanked the man and soon his surfboard was as good as new. The brave boy was so thankful for all the help. He couldnt wait to get back in the water and continue exploring. He paddled out into the ocean and enjoyed surfing the waves. He felt great knowing his surfboard was repaired.Once upon a time there was a little three year old boy named John. John loved to play outside, jump in puddles and laugh. One day, John started to feel very sick. He coughed and coughed until his parents had to take him to the hospital. At the hospital, the doctors put John in a big bed and checked him all over. He was suffering a lot and couldnt feel like playing any more. His parents were very worried. The doctor said John is not feeling very good, he needs to stay in the hospital for a few days while we take care of him. John was very scared. Is it going to hurt? he asked the doctor. The doctor replied, Im sorry, it might be a bit uncomfortable, but well do our best to make sure you stay strong, he said. John then looked deep into his parents eyes and he knew he was going to be okay. He stayed in the hospital and with rest and care, his suffering was cured. He could soon leave the hospital and go back to his happy, jumping and laughing life.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to take showers because they made her feel clean and fresh. One day, Lilys mom asked her to help store some toys in her room. Lily was happy to help and put all of her toys in a big box. Later that day, Lily went to play with her friend, Max. Max was a nosy dog who always wanted to know what Lily was doing. Lily didnt mind though, she thought Max was funny. They played together until it was time for Lily to go home. When she got home, Lily remembered that she forgot to put her towel in the bathroom after her shower. She went to get it and saw that Max was using it as a bed! Lily giggled and gently took the towel away from Max. She hung it up and went to bed, happy that she helped store her toys and that Max was still a silly, nosy dog.Once upon a time there was a huge, old man. He lived in an old house by the river. Every day the old man would go to the river and repair the broken boats that he found. He was so good at repair that he started to teach others how to do it. The old manâs lessons were a huge success. Soon he had lots of students and he built a huge workshop for them. Every day everyone would help repair the boats together. Soon they were all big, strong boats and they could go on adventures together. The old man was very proud of all of his students and they were all very happy with their work. The end!Sara and Tom are twins. They like to play in their room. They have many toys and books. They also have a big fan on the ceiling. One day, Sara has an idea. She says to Tom, Lets play a game. We can spin the fan and pretend it is a windmill. We can be farmers and grow healthy food. Tom likes the idea. He says, OK, Sara. How do we play? Sara says, We need to turn on the fan and make it spin fast. Then we can use our blankets and pillows to make a farm. We can pretend they are fields and animals. We can also use our blocks and cars to make a barn and a tractor. Tom says, That sounds fun, Sara. Lets do it. They turn on the fan and make it spin fast. They use their blankets and pillows to make a farm. They pretend they are farmers and grow healthy food. They use their blocks and cars to make a barn and a tractor. They have a lot of fun. But then, their mom comes in. She sees the fan spinning fast and the room messy. She says, Sara and Tom, what are you doing? You should not spin the fan so fast. It is dangerous. And you should not make such a mess in your room. You need to clean up. Sara and Tom feel sorry. They say, We are sorry, mom. We were playing a game. We were farmers and we grew healthy food. Their mom says, I see. That is a nice game. But you need to be careful and tidy. You can play the game again, but you need to spin the fan slower and put away your things when you are done. Sara and Tom say, OK, mom. We will do that. Thank you for letting us play the game. Their mom says, You are welcome, Sara and Tom. I love you. You are good and healthy children. She hugs them and kisses them. Then she helps them clean up their room. They finish the game and have a snack. They are happy.Once upon a time, there was a brave little girl named Lucy. She loved to wear a pretty tie in her hair. One day, she saw a big race in the park. Lucy wanted to run in the race too. She put on her shoes and her special tie. At the start of the race, Lucy saw a big boy. He told her she was too little to finish the race. Lucy felt sad, but she knew she was brave. She said, I will finish the race, just watch me! The big boy laughed, but Lucy did not care. Lucy ran and ran. She was very tired, but she did not stop. The big boy was far behind her. At last, Lucy crossed the finish line. She won the race! Everyone cheered for the brave little girl with the pretty tie in her hair. The big boy was surprised, and he knew that Lucy was very brave.Once there was a bird. The bird wanted to soar in the sky. Every day he spread out his wings, and tried to fly. He flapped and he fussed, but no matter how hard he tried, he couldnt take off! Then one day, the bird got an idea. He found an envelope, and put it on his back. He ran and ran until he reached a cliff. He spread his wings, and jumped off the cliff! The bird felt the wind pushing the envelope, and he soared high in the sky! As his wings moved, the breeze moved the envelope. The bird sang and smiled! But then, some bad things happened. The wind turned, and the envelope started to fall. The bird couldnt soar as high anymore, and he had to come back down to the ground. But despite this, the bird kept on trying, until one day he soared in the sky again!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play the piano, which was a big, black instrument that made beautiful sounds. One day, Lilys mommy told her not to touch the piano when she wasnt around, but Lily didnt listen. She wanted to play a song for her mommy, so she sat down and started to play. Suddenly, the piano started to shake and make a loud noise. Lily tried to resist, but she couldnt stop playing. Then, the piano fell over and hit Lily on the head. It was a harmless accident, but Lily was hurt. Her mommy came running in and saw what happened. I told you not to touch the piano, she said, as she picked up her crying daughter. From that day on, Lily never played the piano when her mommy wasnt around. She learned that sometimes its important to listen to what grownups say, even if we dont want to. And the piano sat in the corner, waiting for someone to play it again, but no one ever did.Once there was a little bird who loved to whistle. Everywhere he went, he whistled a cheerful tune. One day, he saw a top on top of an empty hill. Excited, he flew up and landed near it. The bird sang his song as he spun the top around and around. The top whizzed and hummed in response, and the birds song became even happier. He laughed and laughed as the top twirled, spinning faster and faster. The sun grew higher in the sky and the top started to slow and slow until it came to a stop. The bird flew down and picked up the top with his beak, holding it tightly. Then he flew off, whistling happily, with the top in his beak.Once upon a time, there was a big, brown dog named Max. Max loved to play with his toys and run around outside. One day, Maxs toy got stuck in a hole in the ground. Max tried and tried to get it out, but he couldnt. Maxs owner, Sarah, took him to the office where her dad worked. There was a man there who could repair things. He looked at Maxs toy and said, I can fix this! While they waited for the toy to be repaired, Max explored the office. He found a disgusting old sandwich on the floor and tried to eat it, but Sarah stopped him. Finally, the man came back with Maxs toy. It was as good as new! Max was so happy that he wagged his tail and licked the mans face. From that day on, Max knew that if anything needed to be repaired, he could go to the office and find help.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, Lilys mommy asked her to help make pancakes for breakfast. Lily was very excited to help. Mommy said, Can you hurry and get the butter from the fridge, please? Lily ran to the fridge and got the butter. It was easy for her to hold because it was soft. As they were making the pancakes, Lilys mommy said, Youre doing a great job, Lily! Lily smiled and replied, Thank you, mommy! Making pancakes is so much fun! After they finished making the pancakes, they sat down to eat. Lily spread the butter on her pancake and took a big bite. It was delicious!Tim and Sam were brothers who liked to play with cars. They had many cars of different colors and sizes, but they always wanted more. One day, their mom took them to the toy store and said they could each choose one car to buy. Tim ran to the shelf and picked a big red car that had shiny leather seats and a loud horn. He was very happy with his choice and showed it to his mom. Sam looked at the shelf and saw a small blue car that had soft leather seats and a quiet horn. He liked the blue car, but he was jealous of Tims red car. He wanted to have the biggest and loudest car too. He said to Tim, Your car is not good. It is too big and too noisy. My car is better. It is small and quiet. Let me have your car and you can have mine. Tim said, No, I like my car. I chose it first. You can have your own car. Stop being jealous. Sam was angry and did not listen. He grabbed Tims car and tried to take it away from him. Tim held on to his car and did not let go. They both pulled and pushed and shouted. Their mom heard them and came to see what was wrong. She saw them fighting over the red car and was very upset. She said, You are both being very naughty. You should not fight over toys. You should be happy with what you have and share with each other. Because you did not behave, you will not get any car today. I will take them back to the store and you will go home with nothing. She took the cars from their hands and put them back on the shelf. Tim and Sam cried and begged, but their mom did not change her mind. She took them by the hand and left the toy store. They went home with nothing and learned a hard lesson.Once there was a little girl named Ann who loved to learn. She asked her mom to teach her something new every day. Anns mom was happy to teach her. Today, Anns mom taught her about hurricanes. She told Ann about how powerful hurricanes were and how they moved around the world. Ann was fascinated by hurricanes and asked her mom to teach her all about them. Anns mom taught her how hurricanes are colorful and that they come from the ocean. The wind and the rain makes them so powerful and fast. Ann was so excited to learn about something new. Then, her mom asked her if she knew the best way to be safe from hurricanes. Ann thought for a bit and then answered, I should prepare for hurricanes by staying safe indoors? Her mom smiled and said, Thats exactly right! Together, Ann and her mom put together a colorful safety kit to prepare for a hurricane. Ann and her mom felt proud. Ann had learned a new thing, and was ready to be safe in case of a hurricane.Once there was two friends, Willy and Sara. They were best friends. Willy and Sara lived in a small village by a river. One day they went to the river to play. They started to swing on a tree branch over the river. They laughed and had so much fun. As they were swinging, they could see a big fish swimming in the calm water. Suddenly, their swinging made them go too high and they both went into the river. The water was cold and bitter. But Willy and Sara were not scared. They laughed and splashed in the river. They were soon back on the bank and dried up with the warm sunlight. Willy and Sara ran back to their homes with stories to tell.Once upon a time, in a small town, there was a large fireman named Tom. Tom loved to help people and he was very good at his job. Everyone in the town liked Tom because he was always there when they needed him. One day, a little girl named Lucy was playing with her toy car when she saw smoke coming from her house. She did not understand what was happening. She was scared and started to cry. Just then, Tom the fireman came with his big red truck. He saw Lucy and knew she needed help. Tom the fireman quickly put out the fire in Lucys house. He made sure Lucy and her family were safe. They were so happy that Tom was there to help them. From that day on, Lucy wanted to be a fireman just like Tom when she grew up. She knew that she wanted to help people too.Once upon a time, there was a giant who lived in a big forest. He was very lonely and sad because he had no friends to play with. One day, he saw a little girl walking in the forest. The giant approached the girl and asked, Will you be my friend? The girl smiled and said, Of course! My name is Lily. What is your name? The giant said, My name is George. Thank you for being my friend. Lily and George played together every day. One day, they found a beautiful flower in the forest. Lily said, I want to print a picture of this flower so we can remember it forever. George was very compassionate and helped Lily take a picture of the flower. But then, a mean witch appeared and took the flower away. Lily and George were very sad. They decided to work together to get the flower back. They went on an adventure and finally found the witchs house. They knocked on the door and asked for the flower back. The witch was surprised by their kindness and gave the flower back to them. Lily and George were very happy and hugged each other. From that day on, they knew they would always be best friends.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play in the sand at the beach. One day, she built a big sandcastle with her bucket and shovel. Lilys mom said, Its time to go home now, Lily. Lily said, But Im not ready to go yet. I want to rest in my sandcastle. Her mom said, Okay, you can rest for a little bit. But then we have to go home for dinner. Lily smiled and sat in her sandcastle, feeling happy and content. She rested and watched the waves crash onto the shore. Finally, she was ready to go home and have dinner with her family.Once upon a time there was a seed. It was a very special seed. Everyday it would grow bigger and bigger. It grew so much that it became a big tree. On hot summer days the tree would sway in the wind to the music of the birds. It loved the music and felt so happy. One day a new bird came to the tree. He sang the sweetest songs and the tree felt even happier. Every night the tree would listen to the bird and grow bigger and stronger. It grew so much that it could reach the clouds. The tree grew so tall and strong that it brought joy to all the animals and birds who lived near it. They all gathered around it and enjoyed the wonderful music. And ever since then, the tree has been growing big and strong, bringing happiness to all its neighbors.Mommy was packing the van. She was getting it ready for a big adventure. Mommy, are we going on a trip? asked the little girl. Yes, we are! said Mommy. The little girl smiled. She knew it would be tough, but she also knew it would be fun. So Mommy and the little girl worked together to pack the van. They put in their bags, their snacks and the little girlâs favorite blanket. When everything was packed, Mommy said, âœWeâre ready to go! Are you ready for your adventure?â The little girl nodded and smiled. She was ready for a tough and exciting trip.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Tom. Tom loved the snow! He saw snow outside his window and he got so excited. He quickly put on his warm coat, hat, and mittens and ran outside. The snow was so yummy, so he put some in his mouth and it was so cold! Tom was having so much fun when he saw something shining in the snow. He pointed to it and saw that it was a toy car! He put the car in his pocket and ran inside. He showed everyone the car and everyone said it was so cool. Later on, Tom and his family went to the kitchen and had a special yummy treat snow ice cream! It was full of yummy flavours and everyone enjoyed it so much. The snow was the best treat yet!Tom and Lily were twins who liked to play in the garden. One day, they saw a big tree with red fruits on it. They were cherries, and they looked yummy. Lets pick some cherries and eat them, Tom said. OK, but be careful. Mom said not to climb too high, Lily said. They ran to the tree and started to pick the cherries. They ate some and put some in a basket. They were sweet and juicy. Look, there is a big cherry up there. I want it, Tom said. He pointed to a branch that was very high. No, Tom, dont go there. Its too high and dangerous. You might fall, Lily said. But Tom did not listen. He wanted the big cherry. He climbed higher and higher, until he reached the branch. He stretched his hand to grab the cherry. Got it! he shouted. But then, the branch broke. Tom lost his balance and fell to the ground. He hit his head on a rock and did not move. Tom! Tom! Lily screamed. She ran to him and shook him. But he did not wake up. He did not repeat her name. He did not open his eyes. He was gone. Lily cried and cried. She wished she could have the little cherry back and give it to Tom. She wished he would wake up and play with her again. But it was too late. She was alone.Once upon a time, in a big green garden, there was a little bunny named Bob. Bob loved to play and run all day. One day, while playing, Bob found a long vine. He was very confused. He had never seen a vine before. Bob thought it would be fun to hide behind the vine. So, he jumped behind it and started to play hide and seek with his friends. His friends looked for him, but they could not find him. They were sad and started to cry. Then, Bob came out from behind the vine and said, Here I am! His friends were happy to see him. They all learned that hiding for too long can make others sad. From that day on, they played together and made sure no one was left out.Once upon a time there was a little girl called Ella. Ella was very curious and she loved exploring. One day she went to her school and she saw a damaged blackboard near the entrance. She walked up to it and she looked around carefully. Ella noticed that it was broken and so she wanted to repair it. She asked her teacher for help and her teacher said, Thats an interesting challenge. Do you think you can fix it? Ella nodded eagerly and she got to work. She went looking for the tools she needed and eventually she managed to repair the blackboard. Wow, Ella. You did a great job!, her teacher said. Ella smiled proudly. She was glad to see the blackboard fixed. It was such an interesting adventure!Once upon a time there was a bald man. He was sitting on a bench outside and he was staring really hard at something. A curious 3 year old boy walked up to him and asked him what he was looking at. The bald man pointed at an ambulance that was parked down the street. The ambulances lights were flashing, and it was making loud noises. Do you see that ambulance? the bald man asked the 3 year old boy. The boy nodded and then asked why the ambulance was there. The bald man explained that the ambulance was there because something bad had happened. He said that the ambulance was taking someone who had gotten hurt to the hospital so they could get fixed up. The 3 year old boy felt worried about the person who was in the ambulance. He began to stare at the ambulance, wondering who was inside and hoping that they would get better soon.Once upon a time, there was a little bunny named Benny. Benny had big ears that could hear everything. One day, Benny was playing in the forest when he heard a noise. He closed his eyes and listened with his ears. It was a bird singing! Benny loved the sound of the birds song. Benny hopped closer to the tree where the bird was singing. The bird stopped singing and looked at Benny. Benny felt a little shy because he thought his ears were too big and not modest. But the bird didnt care about Bennys ears. The bird started singing again and Benny listened with his ears. It was the most beautiful song Benny had ever heard. From that day on, Benny and the bird became friends. Benny would visit the tree every day to listen to the birds song. And the bird would sing just for Benny. Benny realized that his big ears were a gift and he was proud of them. And the bird realized that Benny was a good listener and a good friend.Timmy was on his way to the park with his dad. He had never been there before, so he was excited and filled with wonder. He had never seen a cooler filled with such colorful drinks before. His dad said he could have one, but only if he promised to be responsible. At the park, Timmy was filled with even more wonder as he saw all the different things there was to do. He wanted to do them all, but his dad said he could only pick one and that he must stay where he could be seen. Timmy chose to go on the swings and had so much fun that he almost forgot about the cooler. But then he started to get thirsty and remembered. He asked his dad if he could have one of the drinks, but his dad said no. He said that he wouldnt be responsible if he had one. Timmy was so upset that he started to cry. He felt so disappointed and wasnt sure what to do. Suddenly, his dad knelt down, looked him in the eyes and said, Listen, Timmy. You can have a drink, but only if you promise to be responsible and share with your friends.â Timmy smiled, wiped away his tears and ran off to grab a colorful drink from the cooler!Lila and Sam were playing in the yard. They liked to move around and make noises. They pretended to be animals and cars and planes. They had a lot of fun. But then, a mosquito came. It was a regular mosquito, with a long nose and wings. It wanted to bite Lila and Sam. It flew near their ears and made a buzz sound. Go away, mosquito! Lila said. She waved her hand at the mosquito. You are not nice. You hurt us. Shoo, shoo, mosquito! Sam said. He blew at the mosquito. You are not fun. You bother us. But the mosquito did not listen. It kept flying and buzzing. It tried to land on Lila and Sam. It was hungry and mean. Lila and Sam ran to the house. They looked for their mom. They wanted her to help them. They found her in the kitchen. Mom, mom, there is a mosquito! Lila said. She pointed at the door. A mosquito? Mom said. She looked surprised. Where is it? It is outside. It is a regular mosquito. It wants to bite us. It is not nice. It is not fun. It is mean. Sam said. He hugged moms leg. Mom smiled. She took a spray bottle from the shelf. She filled it with water. She gave it to Lila and Sam. Here, take this. This is a magic spray. It will make the mosquito go away. It will not hurt it. It will just make it wet. Do you want to try it? Mom said. Lila and Sam nodded. They took the spray bottle. They thanked mom. They went back to the yard. They saw the mosquito. It was still flying and buzzing. Lila and Sam sprayed the mosquito. They sprayed it a lot. The mosquito got wet. It did not like it. It flew away. It did not come back. Lila and Sam cheered. They were happy. They had a magic spray. They had no more mosquito. They went back to playing. They moved around and made noises. They had a lot of fun.Once upon a time, there was a yellow bird. His name was Quick. He lived in the big green tree. Quick loved to hang from the tree branches. He thought it was so much fun! One day, Quick was hanging from a branch when he heard a noise. It was a cat it wanted the bird for dinner! Quick was scared, so he flapped his wings and flew away. Quick flew high in the sky. He was so far away from the cat now. He was so glad he could fly so quickly! Quick flew all the way home to his tree. He was so happy to be back. He decided that it would be safer to hang on a branch inside the tree, instead of outside. So Quick hung his claws onto a branch and fell fast asleep. He was relieved to be safe in the tree and to have such a yellow and quick bird body to fly away with. That was the end of Quicks scary adventure!Once upon a time there was a little boy named Tom. He was three years old. One day Tom was playing in his garden, when he started to feel scared. He looked up and saw a big dark storm in the sky. He was so scared he started to cry. His mum came outside and looked up at the storm too. She gave him a hug and told him it would be okay. Tom felt better, but then he noticed that his muddy hands and feet were getting dirty too. The storm rumbled and Tom started to get scared again. But his mum sat him next to her, and she felt so warm he stopped worrying. The storm didnt seem so scary anymore. The two of them sat together until the storm passed and the sun shone again. Tom felt happy after the storm and he was so proud of all the dirt he had collected from playing in the garden.Once upon a time there were two friends named Ben and Terry. They lived in a small town together and were very good pals. They both loved to play together and build things. One day they wanted to build something special and so they decided to make a peace garden. They planned and drew out the design of their garden with sticks and rocks. The two friends needed help and so they asked the neighbours to join them in making the garden. Everyone was happy to help and very generous. They spent the afternoon digging and planting flowers, herbs and trees in their garden and it quickly began to come to life. âœWhat shall we call it?â asked Ben, looking around the garden. âœWe could call it the Peace Garden,â said Terry. And so it was named the Peace Garden and it stood for many years in their small town, reminding them of their friendship and the importance of being generous.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Amy. She was three years old and liked to play games. Today, she wanted to go to the maze. She ran and ran, until she reached the entrance. Inside, the maze was very messy. Everywhere she looked, there were walls and pathways tangled together. Amy was a little scared. Then, a friendly man appeared and said, Dont be scared, Amy. Im here to help you. He took her hand and showed her the way through the maze. Together, they turned and twisted until they reached the exit. Amy smiled and thanked the man. Goodbye, she said. He smiled, waved, and was gone. Amy was happy. She felt comforted now that she knew her way out of the maze. She was no longer scared and ran to tell her Mom all about it.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved playing outside in her backyard. One day, she saw a spider spinning a web on a tree. The spider looked very busy. Lily went closer to the spider and said, Hello, Mr. Spider. What are you doing? The spider replied, I am making a web. It is my home. Lily was amazed and asked, Can you tell me more about your home? The spider happily told Lily all about his web and how he catches bugs to eat. Lily listened carefully and was fascinated by the spiders story. From that day on, Lily visited the spider every day to hear more stories about his busy life in his web.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved Halloween and all the spooky things that came with it. He wanted to create a pumpkin for his front porch. One day, Timmy asked his mom if they could go to the pumpkin patch. Mommy, can we go to the pumpkin patch and find a big pumpkin to create? he asked. His mom said yes and they hopped in the car. When they got to the pumpkin patch, Timmy saw a big, lazy cat sleeping in the sun. Look mommy, that cat is so lazy, he said. His mom agreed and they continued to search for the perfect pumpkin. Finally, they found a big, round pumpkin and Timmy was so excited to create it. Mommy, can we make a scary face on it? he said. His mom smiled and they took the pumpkin home. Together, they carved a spooky face and put a candle inside. Timmy was so proud of the pumpkin he had created.Once upon a time there was a boy. He was in a park near his house. He looked up and saw a tunnel. He wanted to see what was inside, so he stepped inside and stared. The tunnel was wet and dark. He could not see the end. The boy started to get scared. He wanted to go back, but the tunnel seemed so long. He was getting wetter and wetter. Suddenly, he heard a noise. He looked up and saw a light. It was the end of the tunnel! He ran quickly to the end and saw the sun. He was happy that he made it out. The boy never went back in the tunnel again.Lila was a little lamb who liked to jog. She jogged in the morning, she jogged in the afternoon, and she jogged in the evening. She jogged with her mom, she jogged with her dad, and she jogged with her friends. She loved to feel the wind in her wool and the sun on her face. One day, Lila decided to jog by herself. She wanted to be independent and explore new places. She said to her mom, Mom, can I jog alone today? I want to see what is over the hill. Her mom said, Lila, you are too little to jog alone. It is not safe. There are big animals and bad people who might hurt you. You should stay with me or your dad or your friends. But Lila did not listen. She said, No, mom, I am big enough. I can take care of myself. I will be back soon. Bye! And she jogged away. Lila jogged over the hill and saw a big forest. She thought it looked fun and exciting. She jogged into the forest and saw many trees and flowers and birds. She jogged deeper and deeper into the forest, until she got lost. She could not see the hill or the sun or her home. She felt scared and lonely. She wished she had listened to her mom. She heard a loud roar and saw a big lion. The lion had sharp teeth and claws and hungry eyes. He wanted to eat Lila. Lila ran as fast as she could, but the lion was faster. He caught up with her and pounced on her. Lila screamed for help. Luckily, her mom heard her scream. She had followed Lilas tracks and found her in the forest. She ran to Lila and fought the lion. She bit his tail and kicked his nose and scared him away. She hugged Lila and said, Lila, are you okay? I was so worried about you. You should never jog alone. It is too dangerous. You need to stay with me or your dad or your friends. We love you and we want to protect you. Lila cried and said, Im sorry, mom. I was wrong. I was not independent. I was foolish. I will never jog alone again. I love you and I need you. Thank you for saving me. Her mom said, Its okay, Lila. I forgive you. You are my brave and beautiful lamb. Come on, lets go home. They jogged back to their home, where Lilas dad and friends were waiting for them. They were happy to see them and gave them hugs and kisses. Lila learned her lesson and never jogged alone again. She jogged with her mom, she jogged with her dad, and she jogged with her friends. She still loved to feel the wind in her wool and the sun on her face, but she also loved to feel the love in her heart.Once there was a boy. His name was Bill. He wanted a melon. He saw one in a tree and he thought it looked so good. It was big and round and clear. So he stretched his arm up as high as he could and he jumped up to try and reach it. But it was too high up and he couldnt get it. He asked his dad to help. He said, Dad, can you help me get the melon, please? His dad said no, its too high up. Youll never be able to reach it. So Bill was sad. He wanted the melon so much, but he couldnt get it.Once upon a time, there was a little fish named Finn. Finn was an adorable fish who lived in the big sea. He had many friends, but he missed his best friend, Sam the shark. Sam went away to find food for his family. One day, Finn decided to find Sam. He swam far away from his home. He asked other fish if they saw Sam, but no one knew where he was. Finn felt sad and missed Sam even more. Then, Finn saw a big shadow. He thought it was Sam and swam fast to see him. But it was not Sam. It was a mean shark who wanted to eat Finn. Finn tried to swim away, but the mean shark was too fast. The mean shark ate Finn. Finn never got to see his best friend Sam again.Tom and Anna are brother and sister. They like to wake up early and watch the sunrise. They think the sunrise is great. It is when the sky changes color and the sun comes up. One morning, they wake up before Mom and Dad. They put on their coats and shoes and go outside. They sit on the grass and look at the sky. They see pink and orange and yellow and blue. Wow, look at the sunrise! Tom says. It is so pretty! I like the sunrise too, Anna says. It makes me happy. They listen to the birds singing and the wind blowing. They feel the sun warming their faces. They smile and hug each other. Mom and Dad wake up and see them outside. They join them and sit on the grass too. They watch the sunrise together. They say good morning and tell each other they love them. They all think the sunrise is great. They are happy to start a new day.Ben and Mia liked to play near the park. The park had a big pond with ducks and fish. The park also had a rail that stopped people from falling into the pond. Ben and Mias mom always told them to stay away from the rail and not to climb on it. One day, Ben and Mia saw some older kids climbing on the rail. They looked like they were having fun. Ben wanted to join them, but Mia was scared. She said, Mom said no. It is not safe. We can fall and get hurt. Ben said, Mom is not here. She will not know. I want to try. It looks easy. He ran to the rail and started to climb on it. Mia followed him and said, Please, Ben, come back. It is not good. You are not listening. But Ben did not listen. He climbed higher and higher on the rail. He felt brave and happy. He said, Look at me, Mia. I am so high. I can see everything. Mia said, Ben, be careful. The rail is not strong. It can break. You can fall. But Ben did not hear her. He was too busy looking around. He did not see that the rail was old and rusty. He did not see that it was shaking and cracking. He did not see that it was about to snap. Suddenly, the rail broke. Ben screamed and fell into the pond. He splashed and sank. He was scared and cold. He could not swim. He could not breathe. Mia saw what happened. She was calm and smart. She ran to the older kids and asked for help. They called for a grownup. The grownup came and jumped into the pond. He grabbed Ben and pulled him out. He gave him a towel and checked if he was okay. Ben was wet and shivering. He was sorry and sad. He said, Thank you, sir. Thank you, Mia. I was wrong. I should have listened to mom. I should have listened to you. I was not safe. I was not good. Mia hugged him and said, It is okay, Ben. I am glad you are okay. I love you. But next time, please do not climb on the rail. It is not fun. It is dangerous. Ben nodded and said, I promise, Mia. I learned my lesson. I will not do it again. I will be good. The moral of the story is Do not do things that are not permitted. They can be harmful and hurtful. Listen to your mom and your sister. They know what is best for you. Be calm and smart. Ask for help when you need it.Once upon a time, there was a young boy named Tim. Tim liked to play and move all day. One day, while playing in his room, he saw a switch on the wall. He had never seen this switch before. Tim was curious. Tim asked his mom, What does this switch do? His mom said, It makes the room bright when it is dark. You can try it when the sun goes down. That night, when the sun went down, Tim went to his room. He remembered the switch on the wall. He moved his hand up and touched the switch. The room became bright! Tim was happy and showed his mom. They both smiled and played in the bright room.Once upon a time, there was a lazy leg. The leg liked to drop everywhere. He dropped from the bed, the chair, and even from the table. Everywhere the lazy leg went, he dropped. On a sunny day, the lazy leg decided to go for a walk. He dropped from one step to the next, not even trying to jump. He dropped down, around and about until he reached the end of the street. Suddenly, a big dog raced out of a house and dashed after the lazy leg. The lazy leg was so scared and tried to run, but he only dropped from one place to the next. He kept on dropping until he saw his house and jumped in the front door. The lazy leg was very happy that he made it home safe. From that day, the lazy leg was careful not to drop too much!Once upon a time, there were two friends, Jack and Jill. They were playing together in the park on a sunny day. Suddenly, they heard a loud scream, coming from a tree. Jack and Jill were very scared, so they ran to the tree to find out what it was. When they reached the tree, they saw a small bird sitting on a plate. The plate looked very dry, so Jack and Jill thought the bird must have been very thirsty. We need to get this bird some water, Jack said. Jill nodded in agreement and the two friends ran off to find the bird some water. They soon came back with a full plate of cool, refreshing water. The bird was so thankful and started to drink the water. After it was done, the bird flew away with a happy chirp. Jack and Jill were so relieved to have helped the bird and returned home with a big smile on their faces.Once upon a time, there was a monkey who lived in the forest. One day, the monkey got stuck in a big hole and couldnt get out. He felt very helpless and sad. Along came a kind boy who saw the monkey in the hole. The boy wanted to help the monkey, so he decided to take action. He found a long stick and used it to help the monkey climb out of the hole. The monkey was so happy and grateful to the boy for helping him. He gave the boy a big hug and they became friends. From that day on, the monkey would always wave to the boy whenever he saw him in the forest. The boy felt happy that he was able to help the monkey and make a new friend.Mama was very excited. She was going to introduce her daughter, Maya, to her friend. Mama grabbed her daughters favorite purple sweater and started getting her ready. Maya was being restless, tugging and pulling on Mamas skirt. Mama said in a soft and gentle voice, Maya, we are going to visit Mamas friend. Im sure youll have lots of fun! But Maya just shook her head and wouldnt budge. Mama tried to talk to her daughter, but Maya just closed her eyes and got more and more restless. Finally, Mama had an idea. She picked up the purple sweater and said, Maya, do you want to take your purple sweater with us? Im sure your friend will like it. Mayas eyes lit up and she eagerly nodded her head. Mama smiled and finally they were ready to introduce Maya to her friend.Tom and Sam like to play football in the park. They kick the ball to each other and run after it. They have fun and laugh a lot. One day, they see a big number on the ball. It is a six. Tom says, Look, Sam, a number! Do you know what it means? Sam says, No, I dont. Do you? Tom says, I think it means how many times we can kick the ball before it pops. They decide to test Toms idea. They kick the ball six times and then stop. They wait and see if the ball pops. It does not. They are confused. They kick the ball again and again. It still does not pop. They get tired and thirsty. They leave the ball on the grass and go to get some water. When they come back, they see a dog playing with the ball. The dog bites the ball and makes a hole in it. The air comes out of the ball and it goes flat. The dog runs away with the ball. Tom and Sam are sad. They say, Oh no, our ball is gone! And it is dirty and broken! They do not understand why the number did not work. They go home and tell their mom what happened. She hugs them and says, Im sorry, boys. The number was not a rule. It was just a mark. It did not mean anything. But I have a surprise for you. I bought you a new ball. It is bigger and brighter and has no number on it. Do you want to play with it? Tom and Sam smile and say, Yes, please! Thank you, mom! They go to the park and play with their new ball. They forget about the old ball and the number. They have fun and laugh a lot.Lily and Ben are playing in the park. They see a big hill with many trees. They want to climb the hill and see what is on the other side. They find a long stick on the ground. They use the stick to help them walk up the hill. They reach the top of the hill and see a pond. The pond has many ducks and fish. Lily and Ben are happy. They want to feed the ducks and fish. They break the long stick into two pieces. They use the pieces to poke the water and make ripples. The ducks and fish come closer to see what is making the ripples. Lily and Ben throw some bread crumbs into the water. The ducks and fish eat the bread crumbs. Lily and Ben laugh and clap. They enjoy watching the ducks and fish. But then, a big frog jumps out of the water. The frog lands on the long stick that Lily is holding. Lily is scared. She drops the stick and screams. The frog croaks and hops away. Ben picks up the stick and chases the frog. He wants to catch the frog and make it his pet. Lily and Ben have fun playing with the stick, the pond, and the frog. They forget about the time. They hear their mom calling them. They run back to their mom. They tell her about their adventure. Their mom smiles and hugs them. She is glad they had fun. She takes them home for a snack and a nap.Once upon a time, there was a big, hairy bear who lived in the forest. One day, the bear was very hungry and decided to try to find some meat to eat. He walked and walked, but he couldnt find any meat. Suddenly, he saw a small rabbit hopping nearby. The bear thought that the rabbit would make a tasty meal, so he tried to catch it. But the rabbit was very fast and managed to escape. The bear was still hungry and tried to find something else to eat. He saw some berries on a bush and tried them. They were delicious! The bear was happy to have found some food and decided to go back to his cave to take a nap.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play in the bathtub and splash water all around. One day, she turned the faucet on and water started to flow. But when she tried to turn it off, it wouldnt stop. She called out to her mommy, Mommy, the water wont stop! Mommy came running and saw the faucet was broken. She said, Dont worry, Lily. We can fix it. Mommy found a flexible hose and used it to stop the water from flowing. Then she turned the faucet off and said, All done! Lily was happy that the water stopped, but she was sad that she couldnt play in the bathtub anymore. So, mommy said, Lets make a game out of it. We can seat your toys on the edge of the tub and pretend theyre on a boat in the water. Lily loved the idea and they played together until it was time for bed.Once there was a farmer who was very bossy. He lived on a farm and he had lots of animals. The farmer was always shouting orders and scolding the animals. One day when the farmer was mucking out the pigs, he noticed one of his little ducks was looking very tired. He said to the duck, What are you doing? Come over here, Im going to show you something. The duck waddled over and the farmer put some polish in his hands. He said to the duck, We need to polish your feathers. Let me show you how. The farmer then began to rub the polish all over the ducks feathers. The duck liked it, he began quacking contentedly. When he had finished polishing the duck, the farmer said, There, now dont you look fine? This will make you look much better. The duck loved his polished feathers and kept waddling around the farm showing them off. From then on, all the animals on the farm knew the farmer was bossy, but also kindhearted.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to paint pictures with her mom. They would use lots of colors like red, blue, and green. One day, Lilys mom had to go to university to learn more things. Lily was sad because she would miss her mom. While her mom was away, Lily painted a special picture just for her. It had a big heart in the middle and lots of flowers around it. When her mom came home, she was very happy to see the picture. She hugged Lily and said, I am so proud of you! Lilys older sister, Sarah, was a little jealous of the picture. She wanted to paint something just as nice. So, Lily helped her paint a picture of a rainbow. Sarah was very happy and said, Thank you, Lily! You are the best sister ever!Once upon a time, there was a mild soldier. He loved to test things. He tested the winds, the leaves and the sun. He was always busy testing! One day he decided to test the biggest mountain in his town. He started to climb, but it was too mild. He knew he couldnt make it. Suddenly, he noticed a group of children playing. He watched as they tested their climbing skills. He was impressed! He cheered them on, and as they made it to the top, he was so proud. He couldnt believe what the children had done. He realized that even mild soldiers can test new things. He was so happy that he joined in the fun. The children cheered and they all celebrated the mild soldiers test!Once upon a time, a little girl named Lily was playing in her backyard. She saw a butterfly flying under the light. She ran to catch it but it flew away. Lily asked her mom, Where did the butterfly go? Her mom replied, It flew away, but dont worry, more butterflies will come. You can remain here and wait for them. Lily sat under the tree and waited. Soon, she saw a group of butterflies flying towards her. She was so happy and started to chase them. Look, Mom! I caught a butterfly! Lily exclaimed. Her mom smiled and said, Its so beautiful under the light. You did a great job catching it.Once upon a time there was a puppy named Jack. He was very restless and always wanted to play. One day, his master took him out on a leash. Jack was so happy to be outside and ready to explore the world around him. Then, his master bent down and whispered something in Jackâs ear. Jack didnât understand what was said, but he wagged his tail in excitement. His master then took him further away to explore new places. Suddenly, Jack noticed a rabbit, so he started to bark. His master knew he wouldnât be able to contain Jack, so he quickly pulled the leash and whispered, âœNo, Jack.â Jack obediently sat down and stopped barking. Jack was so glad to be outside and explore the world with his master. He was happy that his master was there to take care of him and keep him safe.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Sue. Sue loved to sing and dance. One day she saw a big blackboard on the wall. She asked her mom, âœCan I sing on it?â âœYes, of course,â her mom said. Sue was so excited! She started to sing a fancy song about flowers, birds, and trees. Sues singing made the blackboard look so beautiful that everyone wanted to join in. Soon, her mom and dad, her brother, and even her little dog were dancing and singing along. It was the best day ever!Once upon a time, there was a little brown dog named Spot. He loved to play with his ball in the park. One sunny day, Spot saw a big goal on the other side of the park. He wanted to get his ball into the goal. Spot ran fast with the ball in his mouth. He tried to kick the ball into the goal, but he was too small. Spot started to struggle. He tried again and again, but the ball would not go in. Then, Spot had an idea. He asked his friend, a big brown horse named Buddy, for help. Buddy kicked the ball with his strong legs. The ball flew into the goal! Spot was so happy. He and Buddy played together all day long.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lucy. She was three years old and she loved playing outside with her friends. One day, Lucy decided to go for a walk. She skipped along until she came to a big tree. She was surprised to see a needles in the trunk. It was a harsh, long needle and she couldnt understand why it was there. Lucy had seen needles used for sewing and painting, but she didnt know why it was in the tree. She knew it was something she needed, so she carefully picked it up. She was very surprised to find that the needle was like a powerful key. Whenever Lucy held it in her hands, the wind moved around her and the trees blew gently. Lucy soon learned that the needle was a magical item that could open special doors. She could enter into different worlds and explore them. Lucy was delighted with her new discovery. Everywhere she went, she brought along her needle. With the help of her magic needle, Lucy was able to make new friends and go on exciting adventures. She also opened some tough doors which she thought were too harsh. But with the help of her special item, she managed to make it through. Through her adventures, Lucy learned that nothing is ever too harsh if you have the courage to try. The end.Once upon a time there was a nice girl named Alice. She liked to play and swing in the park. One day, Alice was sitting on the swing, looking at her notebook. She was sketching a butterfly when she heard a loud noise. Alice jumped in surprise. She noticed that an old man was walking towards her. He asked her, with a deep voice Can I have a look at your notebook little girl? Alice held her notebook tightly against her chest. She said No, its mine. The old man furrowed his eyebrows and said in a louder voice Please, I just want to see it. Alice was scared, but she had to be brave. She answered back No, I dont want to show you. Its not nice. The old man sighed and said Thats okay, I understand. Alice relaxed in relief and kept sketching her butterfly. But then, she noticed that the old man was still there. He was smiling at her and said Im sure youll show it to me one day. Alice then felt a shiver go down her spine, and she knew something bad was about to happen. The EndMama and Daddy were in the garden. Daddy found a cauliflower growing in the dirt. He was so excited and called Mama over to see. Mama said, Thats a big cauliflower! What should we do with it? Daddy said, Lets give it to Grandma. Shell love it. Mama and Daddy went inside to get ready. Mama brought a basket and put the warm cauliflower inside. Then they brought the basket to Grandmas house. When they arrived, Grandma was very happy. She gave Mama and Daddy hugs and thanked them for the special cauliflower. She said, What a nice surprise! Mama said, We hope you enjoy it! Grandma smiled and said, I will. Its going to make a delicious dinner.Once upon a time there lived a little girl named Jane. Jane was only three years old and she loved going to the park with her mom. One day, Jane and her mom went to the park to play. There, Jane found a dirty tape on the ground. She picked it up and showed it to her mom. What is it, Mommy? asked Jane, excitedly. Her mom smiled and said, It looks like a tape, Jane. Lets keep it. They took the tape home and Jane kept it in her room. She would look at it and remember playing in the park. One day, when Jane came home from school, she found the tape on the floor of her room. It was very dirty and it didnt work. Jane was sad because she wanted to remember the wonderful time she had in the park. Suddenly, Jane remembered what her mom had said. She smiled and ran to the kitchen to get a cloth and some water. She cleaned the tape and it worked again! Jane smiled and thought to herself, Remember to always take care of your things!Once upon a time, there was a little girl. She was a bit fearful, so she had to learn how to be brave. One day, she picked up a mug. She liked it a lot, so she decided it would be her special mug. From then on, each day she used her mug to learn something new. She put a little bit of water in it and pretended it was oceans and rivers. She did this to learn about the world. She also took a few small pebbles she had found and pretended they were treasure. She did this to learn about money. All the while, her mug kept her feeling brave. Each day she felt a little more brave and a little less fearful. Soon, she felt as strong and fearless as a lion.Lily and Ben are friends. They like to play with blocks and cars. But today they have a test at school. The test is about colors and shapes. Lily and Ben want to do well on the test. Before the test, they look at their books. Lily sees a red circle. She says, This is a red circle. I know it. Ben sees a blue square. He says, This is a blue square. I know it. They are happy. But then they see a yellow triangle. Lily says, This is a yellow circle. I know it. Ben says, No, this is a yellow square. I know it. They are not happy. They start to quarrel. They say, You are wrong. I am right. They are loud and angry. The teacher hears them. She comes to them. She says, Stop quarreling. You are both wrong. This is a yellow triangle. It has three sides. A circle has no sides. A square has four sides. Can you see the difference? Lily and Ben look at the yellow triangle. They see the difference. They feel silly. They say, Sorry, teacher. Sorry, friend. We were wrong. We will not quarrel again. The teacher smiles. She says, Good. Now, lets take the test. It is easy. You can do it. Lily and Ben take the test. They answer the questions about colors and shapes. They do well on the test. They are happy. They hug each other. They say, We are friends. We help each other. We learn together. They are peaceful. They play with blocks and cars. They have fun. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She liked to take photos with her camera. One day, she went to the park with her mommy and saw a big, colorful butterfly. It made her very excited, so she took a photo of it. Later that day, Lilys mommy showed her the photo on her phone. But Lily got confused because the butterfly in the photo looked different than the one she saw in the park. Her mommy explained that sometimes photos can look different than real life. Lily was still excited about the butterfly, even though she was a little confused. She decided to draw a picture of it in her notebook so she could remember how beautiful it was. From then on, Lily loved taking photos and drawing pictures of all the exciting things she saw.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lily. She loved to wear her ordinary bracelet every day. One day, Lily went to the store with her mom and saw a shiny new bracelet. She wanted it so badly, but her mom said no. Lily didnt listen and took the bracelet without paying. When they got home, her mom saw the new bracelet on Lilys wrist and asked her where she got it. Lily lied and said she found it on the ground. But her mom knew the truth and decided to punish her for taking something without paying. Lily felt sad and knew she shouldnt have taken the bracelet. From that day on, she learned to always tell the truth and never take things that dont belong to her.Once upon a time, there was a small boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to look up at the sky and see all the stars twinkling. He would point at them and say, Look, Mommy, stars! One day, Timmys mommy told him they were going to design a special surprise for his birthday. Timmy was very excited and couldnt wait to see what it was. As they were walking home from the store, Timmy saw a small star on the ground. He picked it up and put it in his pocket. Maybe this will bring me good luck, he thought. On his birthday, Timmys mommy gave him a present wrapped in shiny paper. When he opened it, he saw a beautiful starshaped balloon. Wow, Mommy, you designed this just for me! Timmy exclaimed. And as he looked at the balloon, he remembered the small star he found on the ground and knew it was a sign of good luck.Tom is a spoiled boy. He has many toys, but he does not share them with anyone. He always wants more and more. He does not know how to be happy. One day, he sees a new toy in the store. It is a cell phone. It can make sounds and show pictures. Tom wants it very much. He asks his mom to buy it for him. Mom, mom, please buy me the cell phone. It is so cool. I need it. I need it. No, Tom, you have enough toys. You do not need a cell phone. It is not for little boys like you. It is for grownups who have to work and talk to other people. But mom, I want it. I want it. Please, please, please. Tom starts to cry and scream. He throws a tantrum. He kicks and hits his mom. He does not listen to her. He is very rude and mean. Mom is very angry and sad. She does not like how Tom behaves. She decides to teach him a lesson. She does not buy him the cell phone. She takes him home and puts him in his room. She does not let him play with any of his toys. She tells him to think about what he did. Tom, you are a spoiled boy. You do not know how to be grateful and kind. You do not know how to respect me and others. You do not know how to have fun with what you have. You need to learn how to be a good boy. You need to say sorry and change your ways. Until then, you will stay in your room with no toys. Do you understand? Tom does not understand. He does not like his mom. He does not like his room. He does not like his life. He still wants the cell phone. He thinks he is right and his mom is wrong. He does not learn anything. He is still a spoiled boy.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play outside in the sunshine. One day, Timmys mom suggested that they go on a walk in the park. Timmy smiled and said, Yes, please! As they walked, Timmy saw a big black dog. He got scared and hid behind his mom. His mom told him not to be afraid and said that the dog was friendly. Timmy peeked out from behind his mom and saw that the dog was wagging its tail. He smiled and said, Doggy, youre nice! They continued their walk and saw a group of children playing. Timmy wanted to play with them, but he was shy. His mom suggested that he go say hello. Timmy took a deep breath and walked over to the children. They welcomed him with open arms and Timmy couldnt stop smiling. He had so much fun playing with his new friends. At the end of the day, Timmy was tired but happy. He hugged his mom and said, Thank you for suggesting we go on a walk. I had so much fun and made new friends! His mom smiled and said, Im glad you had a good time, Timmy.Tom and Jen were playing in the bath. They liked to splash and make bubbles. Mom said they could stay a little longer, but soon it was time to get out. Come on, kids, its getting late. I have your towels ready, Mom said. Tom and Jen got out of the water and wrapped themselves in their towels. Tom had a blue towel and Jen had a pink one. They felt warm and cozy. Lets go to your room and put on your pajamas, Mom said. But Tom had a naughty idea. He wanted to scare Jen. He hid behind the door and waited for Jen to come. He thought it would be funny. Jen walked to the door, holding her towel. She did not see Tom. She was humming a song. Boo! Tom shouted, jumping out from behind the door. Jen screamed. She was scared. She dropped her towel and ran to Mom. Mom, Tom scared me! Jen cried. Mom hugged Jen and gave her a kiss. She was not happy with Tom. Tom, that was not nice. You made Jen scared. You should say sorry, Mom said. Tom felt bad. He did not mean to make Jen scared. He just wanted to play. Im sorry, Jen. I was just joking. Please dont be scared, Tom said. Jen looked at Tom. She saw that he was sorry. She forgave him. Its okay, Tom. Im not scared anymore. But dont do that again, Jen said. Tom nodded. He gave Jen a hug. He picked up her towel and gave it to her. Here, Jen. This is your towel. Its pink and soft, Tom said. Jen smiled. She took her towel and wrapped it around her. She felt warm and cozy again. Thank you, Tom. You are a good brother, Jen said. Mom smiled too. She was glad that Tom and Jen made up. She took them to their room and helped them put on their pajamas. She tucked them in and kissed them good night. Sleep well, kids. I love you, Mom said. Tom and Jen said, I love you, Mom. They closed their eyes and fell asleep. They dreamed of bubbles and songs. They were not scared anymore.Once upon a time, there was an honest ostrich. Her name was Tilly. She liked to run and play in the fields near her home. One day, Tilly ran around so much that she got very tired. Then, to her surprise, she fell asleep. As she slept something remarkable happened. She began to levitate! Suddenly, Tilly flew above the trees and all over the sky! A nearby farmer saw Tilly and he started shouting at her. Come down, Tilly! Come down this instant!, he yelled. Tilly nervously called out to the farmer, Im sorry, but I dont know how to get back down. The farmer replied, You have to trust your instincts and let yourself fall. It will be like youre taking a big jump, but just trust and youll land safely. So, Tilly trusted and fell. And, just like the farmer said, she landed on her feet, safe and sound.Lila and Ben were twins who liked to play with fire. They had a box of matches that they stole from their dad, who was a wealthy man. He had a big house, a big car, and a big safe where he kept his money and jewels. Lila and Ben wanted to see what was inside the safe, but they did not know the code. One day, when their dad was out, they decided to try to open the safe with fire. They thought that if they rubbed the matches on the safe, it would get hot and melt. They took the box of matches and went to the safe, which was in their dads office. They did not see the sign that said Danger Flammable. Lila and Ben rubbed the matches on the safe, but nothing happened. They rubbed harder and faster, until one of the matches lit up. They were excited and scared. They dropped the match on the floor, where it met a pile of papers. The papers caught fire and soon the whole office was in flames. Help! Help! Lila and Ben screamed. They ran out of the office and into the hall, where they saw their dad coming home. He smelled the smoke and saw the fire. He was angry and frightened. He grabbed Lila and Ben and took them outside, where he called the firemen. The firemen came and put out the fire, but it was too late. The office was burned and the safe was ruined. Lila and Bens dad lost his money and jewels. He was very sad and very mad. He looked at Lila and Ben and said, What have you done? You have been very naughty and very foolish. You could have died and you have destroyed everything. You are in big trouble, young ones. You will never play with fire again. Lila and Ben cried and said they were sorry, but they knew they had made a big mistake. They learned their lesson the hard way.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his blocks. He would build tall towers and knock them down with a big crash. One day, Timmys friend came over to play. His friend had lots of blocks, too. Timmy was happy because now they could build even bigger towers together. But then, Timmys friend said something that made him sigh. I wish I was rich like you, Timmy. Then I could have even more blocks. Timmy didnt understand why his friend would say that. He didnt feel rich. He just had enough blocks to play with. So, Timmy decided to share his blocks with his friend. Together, they built the biggest tower they had ever made. And Timmys friend didnt sigh anymore. He was happy to play with Timmy and their blocks.One day a little girl was looking for something to do. She saw a green basket near her house and decided to investigate. She walked closer and saw that it was full of pretty flowers. She picked one and put it in her pocket. She wanted to pick more but the basket had disappeared! The little girl was very sad. She wanted to find the green basket so she ran to the park. When she arrived, she saw the basket had reappeared! She was so glad and filled her pockets with more flowers. But then the basket disappeared again. The little girl began to search all over. She looked in the woods and at the beach. Then she came to a lake and noticed something green near the water. When she got closer, she could see it was the basket! The girl was overjoyed! She filled her pockets with the beautiful flowers and skipped home, happy that she had found the mysterious green basket.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Sue. Sue had a best friend named Tim. They liked to play together every day. One day, Sue saw a pretty black purse in her mommys room. She thought it would be fun to play with. Sue asked her mommy, Can I play with the black purse? Her mommy said, Yes, but be careful with it. And dont lose it. Sue was very happy and took the black purse outside to show Tim. When Tim saw the black purse, he wanted to play with it too. Sue said, I can lend it to you, but you have to give it back. Tim agreed and they took turns playing with the black purse. They had a lot of fun and at the end of the day, they gave the purse back to Sues mommy. Sue and Tim were happy they could play with the black purse, and they promised to take good care of it next time.Once upon a time, there was a family with a little girl. Her name was Chloe. One day, her mommy took her to the backyard. Chloe saw something wonderful waiting for her. It was a slide! She was so glad. Chloes mommy said, Chloe, mommy is here to provide you this slide. You can go down the slide whenever you want! Chloe was so excited. She said, Yay, yippee! Her mommy smiled, and Chloe instantly ran over to the slide and climbed onto it. She went up, down, up, down sliding all day. Chloe was so glad that she had a slide in her backyard. She thanked her mommy for providing it, and Chloe smiled and laughed as she played.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Susie. She was three years old and she always loved to play with her friends. One day, her friends were playing arrow tag and Susie wanted to join in. However, her friends all had bows and Susie had none. Susie felt very envious, so she walked up to one of her friends and asked if she could borrow his bow. He said yes, and when Susie held the bow in her little hands, she knew she had found something special. Susie took the bow and held it in her two hands like she had seen on TV. With one hand, she pulled back the string and with her other, she reached for an arrow. She aimed the bow at the sky and let go. The arrow raced through the air and Susie gasped in delight. Her friends were all amazed by how far she had shot, and they all congratulated her. Susie was so happy and she held her bow close to her body as she said goodbye to her friends. This was the best day ever, and from then on, Susie could always be found with her bow in her hands, dreaming of shooting arrows into the sky.Once there was a poor flower who wanted to be beautiful and colorful like all the other flowers. Every day she watched them bloom and danced brightly in the sun. She wanted to be just like them but she was afraid she never could. One day, the poor flower was very sad and she started to cry. Suddenly, a magical fairy appeared and said, Do not cry little flower. I will help you bloom like all the other flowers. Ill bring you beautiful colors! The fairy sprinkled magical fairy dust over the flower and it started to bloom. The petals changed colors and she become a lovely pink, purple and blue flower. She was so happy she wanted to dance and sing. The fairy hugged the flower and said, Now you are just as beautiful as the others. Whenever you need a little more color, just remember me. With a twinkle of her wand, she was gone. The flower was so happy that she could now bloom and be as beautiful as all the other flowers. She danced in the sun and smiled, grateful for the beautiful colors the fairy had given her.Once upon a time, there were two lovely twins. They worked very hard to help each other. Every day, they woke up early to do the chores and put a smile on their faces. The two twins worked together to clean the house and play in the garden. They laughed and played games together. They even cooked dinner for their family and helped their parents. The twins loved each other very much and didnt mind working together. They always had a smile on their faces when they were working. One day, their hard work paid off and they were rewarded with a fun day at the park! They went on rides, ate snacks and even got to hold a baby chick! It was the best day ever, and they thanked everyone for their hard work. The twins were so happy, they held hands and laughed. All their hard work made them feel lovely. They knew they could work together and make the world a better place.Once upon a time there were two bears named Matt and Frank. Matt was sad because his best friend, Frank, was going away to a meeting and he wouldnt be able to come over and play. Matt asked Frank, Where are you going? Frank replied, I have to go to a meeting. I have to go on an adventure. Matt felt alone. He didnt want Frank to leave, so he asked, Can I come with you? Frank knew he couldnt take Matt to the meeting, so he said, Im sorry Matt, I cant take you with me. You have to stay here and be brave. The two bears hugged and Matt began to cry. He said, I surrender. I dont want you to go. Frank hugged Matt one more time and said, It will be alright. Ill come back soon. Matt knew it wouldnt be the same, but he felt proud that his best friend was brave enough to go on an adventure. He smiled and waved goodbye as Frank left for his meeting. The next day, Matt waited for Frank to return. When he finally arrived, Matt was so happy that he ran over to him and hugged him tight. They had a big celebration for Franks safe return home. The two bears were now closer than ever and Matt knew he could always surrender to his best friend.Lila and Ben were friends who liked to play with toys. Lila had a doll that she loved very much. Ben had a car that he liked to zoom around. One day, they decided to trade their toys for a while. Lila gave Ben her doll and Ben gave Lila his car. They had fun with their new toys, but soon they missed their old ones. Lila wanted to hug her doll and Ben wanted to race his car. They felt sad and wished they had not traded. They looked for each other, but they could not find each other. They had gone to different places to play. Then, they heard some music. It was coming from the park. They followed the sound and saw a clown. The clown was performing for a crowd of children. He was making funny jokes and tricks. He had a big red nose and a colorful hat. Lila and Ben smiled and joined the crowd. The clown saw them and asked them if they wanted to help him. He said he needed a doll and a car for his next trick. Lila and Ben looked at each other and nodded. They gave him their toys and went to the stage. The clown thanked them and said they were very thoughtful. He did a magic trick with their toys. He made them disappear and reappear in different places. He made the children laugh and clap. Then, he gave Lila and Ben their toys back. He said they could keep them or trade them again. He said it was up to them. Lila and Ben looked at their toys and then at each other. They smiled and hugged. They said they wanted to keep their own toys, but they also wanted to share them sometimes. They said they were happy to be friends. The clown smiled and said they had learned a good lesson. He said it was important to be happy with what you have, but also to be generous and kind. He said that was the best trade of all.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy was very excited to go to school because he loved to learn new things. One day, Timmys teacher gave him a folder to take home. Timmy was so proud of his folder, and he wanted to show it to his mom and dad. When Timmy got home, he saw that his mom was very busy cooking dinner. Timmy asked his mom if she could look at his folder, but his mom said she was too busy. Timmy felt sad, but he didnt give up. He asked his dad, and his dad was also too busy to look at the folder. Timmy felt a little bit discouraged, but he remembered something his teacher told him. She said that its important to be humble and always answer questions when someone asks for help. So, Timmy went back to his mom and dad and asked them humbly if they could please look at his folder. His parents were so proud of Timmy for being so polite, and they happily looked at his folder. Timmy learned that being humble and asking for help is always the right thing to do.Once upon a time, there was a poor man. He had no money and no food. He was very sad and decided to plan a way to get food. He went to a nearby tree and saw an avocado. He decided to try to get it. He climbed the tree, reached out and plucked the avocado. He took it to his house and cooked it in a pan. After eating he felt happy. He thanked the tree for the avocado. From then on, the man was never poor again. He was able to eat good food and was able to plan ahead for his growing family. The end.One day Mommy was in the kitchen cooking dinner. The kitchen smelled very yummy. Mommy grabbed a round can from the cupboard and she began to spray it. The spray was very loud and made a funny noise. Mommy told her little threeyearold daughter, Look! You can help me make dinner. This spray is available for you to use too. The little girl was so excited to help. She grabbed the round can and began to spray. She sprayed the can all around the kitchen in circles. Mommy was so proud. After dinner the little girls hands were sticky. She grabbed the round can again and sprayed it all over them. Mommy laughed and said, Now your hands are all clean! The little girl was very happy and proud to help her mommy cook dinner. She shared her can of spray with her mommy and they sprayed round circles all around the kitchen, being careful not to get any on the walls. They finished spraying and put the can away. Mommy and her daughter hugged and said it was a job well done. The little girl was thrilled that her mommy and her worked together, and now she knew what it meant to be available to help.Once there was a tiny mouse who decided to explore the world. He rolled along until he came up to a filthy hut. He thought it looked like a promising place and was so excited to see what was inside, so he went inside to have a look. He quickly noticed that the hut was completely empty and musty, but he wasnt scared at all. He was having so much fun that he rolled around with glee. Suddenly, he heard a loud creak, and when he looked up, he saw a gigantic owl with yellow eyes staring down at him. The mouse was terrified and rolled away as fast as he could, but he knew he would never make it out alive. He was too slow and the owl grabbed him with its sharp talons. The tiny mouse was gone, never to be seen again. The mouse had been warned not to go inside the filthy hut and now we all know why. He now serves as a reminder that you cant always get away with exploring and going into dangerous places. If only the mouse had heeded this warning, he would still be around and rolling about.Once upon a time, there was a silly cow named Betsy. Betsy loved to dance and sing all day long. One day, Betsy met a friendly mailman named Tim. Hello, Betsy! What are you up to today? Tim asked with a smile. I am going to dance and sing in the field, Betsy replied happily. That sounds like fun! Do you want me to mail a letter to your friends to join you? Tim asked kindly. Yes, please! That would be great! Betsy exclaimed with excitement. Tim mailed the letter and soon, Betsys friends arrived. They danced and sang together in the field all day long. Betsy was so happy and grateful for her silly friends and the kind mailman who helped her bring them together.Once upon a time there was a bunny named Tim. Tim liked to bounce in the meadow. One day, he felt a strange feeling. There was something special about the day. He could feel it in the air. Tim looked around and saw a big tree. He noticed something shiny hanging on a branch. It was a jar of jelly. He hopped closer to get a better look. His nose twitched. The jelly smelled so sweet! Tim asked the tree, Where did the jelly come from? The tree replied, The wind brought it in the spring. Thats why its so peaceful here. Tim was excited! He used his paws to try and get the jar of jelly. Finally, he managed to pull the jar off the branch. Tim hopped away with the jelly. He couldnt wait to try it. All he wanted to do was eat and bounce. The end.Tom is a big dog. He likes to run and play with his friends. But today he is not happy. He has many fleas on his fur. They bite him and make him itch. He tries to scratch them off, but they are too many and too fast. Ow, ow, ow! Tom barks. Go away, fleas! You are bad and mean! Lily is a small cat. She lives in the same house as Tom. She sees Tom suffer and feels sorry for him. She knows how to help him. She has a new comb that can catch the fleas. She jumps on Toms back and starts to comb his fur. Hey, what are you doing? Tom asks. He is surprised to see Lily. He does not like cats very much. They are too sneaky and quiet. I am helping you, silly dog, Lily says. I have a new comb that can get rid of the fleas. Hold still and let me do it. Tom feels the comb on his fur. It tickles a little, but it also feels good. He sees the fleas fall off his fur and onto the floor. He feels less itchy and more happy. Wow, thank you, Lily, Tom says. You are a good and kind cat. I am sorry I was rude to you before. Do you want to be my friend? Lily smiles and nods. She is happy to make a new friend. She and Tom finish combing each others fur and then run and play together. They forget about the fleas and have fun. They are both happy.Once upon a time, there were three friends that wanted to unite. They very much wanted to visit each other, but they lived a very long way apart. So they decided to buy some orange balloons. They gathered in each otherâs garden and released the orange balloons. As they rose up high into the sky the friends held hands. Soon the orange balloons were too high to see, but each time the friends looked up they knew they were all close, even though they were far away. The friends waved goodbye as the orange balloons disappeared, but they knew that all their hearts were still united. Whenever any one of them visited the garden, they would always raise their eyes to the sky and remember their orange balloons.Once upon a time, an old man and his grandson lived in the same house. The old man was very thoughtful and looked after his grandson when his parents were away. Every morning the old man would wake up early and give his grandson a big hug and kiss. One morning the old man was trying to wake up his grandson but he didnt wake up. The old man was worried and knew something must be wrong. He quickly took the little boy to the bathroom and placed him in a warm bath. The water was warm and the old man started to raise the boy up and out of the water. The boy slowly opened his eyes and smiled. The old man was relieved and was very thankful that the boy was okay. He had been very thoughtful throughout the whole process and was really happy that his grandson was okay.Anna was a princess who liked to hug everyone. She hugged her mommy and daddy, her friends and toys, and even the flowers and trees. She was very happy and kind. One day, a prince came to visit her castle. He said he wanted to be her friend and play with her. Anna was excited and hugged him too. But the prince was naughty. He did not like to hug. He pushed Anna away and laughed at her. He said hugs were silly and weak. Anna was sad and hurt. She ran to her room and cried. She did not want to play with the prince anymore. She wanted to hug someone who was nice and gentle. Her mommy and daddy heard her cry and came to her room. They asked her what was wrong. Anna told them about the naughty prince. They hugged her and said they were sorry. They said hugs were not silly or weak. They said hugs were a way to show love and care. They asked Anna if she wanted to go outside and hug some flowers and trees. Anna smiled and nodded. She dried her tears and went with them. She hugged the flowers and trees and felt better. She saw the prince looking at her from the window. He looked lonely and bored. Anna waved at him and said, Do you want to hug too? The prince did not answer. He turned away and went to his room. Anna shrugged and hugged her mommy and daddy. She was happy and kind.Once upon a time, there was a poor family that lived in a small house. The family only had a few vegetables to eat each day. The vegetables were old and not very tasty. They had to eat them anyway. The family felt sad. They wished they had more to eat. The mother and father would look at each other and feel lonely. They wanted their family to be happy. One day, something amazing happened! A big truck drove up to their house and stopped. The family was happy and excited! The truck brought them lots of fresh vegetables. Everyone was so excited! The family felt warm inside. They were so thankful for the vegetables. The mother and father cooked them in a big pot and everyone ate together. Everyone felt happy and full. The family thanked the truck for bringing the vegetables to them. From then on, the family ate lots of delicious vegetables every day. They were so thankful and happy.Once upon a time, there was a little girl. She was three years old and she loved to play. One day, the girl was in the park with her dad. He was holding a rod in his hand. Suddenly, the girl saw a deliciouslooking apple on the ground. She pointed at it and demanded it from her dad. Can I have it, Daddy? she asked. Her dad smiled and gave her the apple. He said, Yes, sweetheart. Just dont eat it all at once! The little girl took a bite of the apple and smiled. It was so delicious! She thanked her dad and they shared the yummy treat. The girl and her dad finished the apple and went back home. They had a lovely time in the park.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her dolls and toys. One day, she found a unique chair in her grandmas attic. It was big and red and had a funny shape. Lily sat on the chair and suddenly she felt like she was flying. She was so happy and excited! But then, she heard a voice. It was her mom calling her for dinner. She tried to get off the chair, but she couldnt. Help! I cant escape! she cried. Her mom came running and saw Lily stuck on the chair. Dont worry, Ill help you, her mom said. She lifted Lily and the chair and they both laughed. That was a funny adventure, Lily said. From that day on, Lily loved her unique chair even more.Once upon a time, there was a little yellow bird named Sunny. Sunny loved to sing and play with her friends in the forest. One day, Sunnys friend, a little squirrel named Nutty, came to her and said, Sunny, we are having a party tonight. Can you help me prepare some nuts for the party? Sunny replied, Of course, Nutty! I would love to help you prepare the nuts for the party. So, Sunny and Nutty worked together to prepare the nuts for the party. They cracked open the nuts and put them in a big bowl. Later that night, all of Sunny and Nuttys friends came to the party. They danced and played games. At one point, Nutty winked at Sunny and said, Thank you for helping me prepare the nuts for the party. You are such a good friend. Sunny smiled and replied, Youre welcome, Nutty. I always love to help my friends. Lets keep having fun at the party! And they all continued to dance and play, happy to be together.Molly was playing at the park. She saw a big, helpful alligator. After being brave, she said hello to him. The alligator said, Hi! It is hot today. Would you like to go for a swim in the pond? Molly smiled and said, Yes please! The alligator took her for a fun swim in the pond, where it was nice and cool. After the swim, Molly thanked the alligator for his help. Suddenly, Molly heard a loud Sss!. She looked around and saw a small alligator in the pond, who started to grow bigger. Molly started to get scared and the helpful alligator said, Dont worry, thats just my friend Jimmy! Molly thanked Jimmy for keeping her safe and said goodbye to him and the helpful alligator. She walked home feeling happy, knowing that alligators can be friendly.Once upon a time, there was a mommy and a daddy and their three year old child named Sammy. Sammy had two special friends who liked to play with him all the time. They were a puppy named Spot and a kitty named Fluffy. One day Sammy and his two friends were sitting in the garden. They were looking at the clouds and talking about their favorite colors. Spot thought blue was best, Fluffy said pink was her favorite and Sammy said he liked gray. Then Sammy had a good idea. He said, Lets have a race. Spot can run, Fluffy can jump and I can laugh. Everyone thought this was a great plan. So, they started the race. Spot ran fast, Fluffy jumped high and Sammy laughed and laughed. At the end, they all agreed that laughing was the fastest way to go. Then they talked about their opinions. Spot said that running was fun. Fluffy said that jumping was better. But when Sammy talked about his opinion, everyone stopped to listen. He said, No matter what you do, laughing always wins! Everyone agreed and they all laughed together. It was the best race ever.One day, a little rabbit was walking down a green hill. It was a peaceful and gentle march. Suddenly, he heard a strange noise. He looked around and saw a duck. âœHello,â said the rabbit. âœWhat are you doing here?â âœIâm making a big surprise for my friend,â said the duck. âœI want it to be a special surprise.â The rabbit was curious. âœWhat kind of surprise?â âœItâs a secret,â said the duck. âœYouâll just have to wait and see.â The duck asked the rabbit to help him make the surprise, but the rabbit was not sure. He liked to keep his secrets, and he was worried the duck would steal them. âœI donât know,â said the rabbit. âœI donât want to make a mistake.â The duck looked sad. âœMy friend will be so disappointed if I canât make this surprise,â she said. âœWhat should I do?â The rabbit thought for a moment, then smiled. âœI can help,â he said. âœWeâll do it together and make sure itâs a gentle surprise.âOnce there was a little girl named Sally. Sally wanted to explore the jungle. It was a rough jungle, and Sally wasnt sure if she could do it. But she decided to try. Sally started walking through the jungle. She had to step over roots and climb over rocks. Sally tried not to get scared. She kept going and going until she eventually found a den of animals. Sally was not sure what to do. She was scared, but she wanted to try to get closer to them. She carefully took one step at a time until she was right in front of them. Suddenly, the animals started jumping around! Sally was surprised and a little bit scared, but she kept trying until they calmed down. And just like that, Sally had made it through the rough jungle. She was so happy that she had made it. She had learned that she could do anything if she just tried!Once there was a shy little girl. She was scared of the dark. She was alone in the park. Suddenly, a cat appeared from the shadows. It meowed loudly. Who are you? asked the little girl with a quiver in her voice. The cat meowed again. The little girl was not sure what to do. All of a sudden, a big dog came out of nowhere. It growled at the cat, and they started to fight. The little girl was so scared. The little girl started to weep and call for help. Soon, an old man appeared. He grabbed the dog and took it away. The little girl was so relieved. She thanked the old man. He smiled kindly and told her to stay safe, before leaving. The cat and the little girl stayed together in the dark park. The girl realized that sometimes, even the shyest people can find comfort in a special friend.Once upon a time, there was a loyal dog named Spot. Spot lived with a nice girl named Lucy. They loved to play and have fun together. One day, Lucys mom asked her to go to the store to buy salt. Lucy took Spot with her. On their way, they met a big mean dog. The mean dog growled at Spot and Lucy. Spot wanted to protect Lucy, so he barked loudly at the mean dog. Go away, mean dog! Lucy said. The mean dog listened to Lucy and went away. Spot and Lucy went to the store and bought the salt. They went back home and told Lucys mom about their adventure. Lucys mom was very proud of them, and they all lived happily ever after.Once upon a time there were two friends, Sam and Jane. Sam and Jane really liked playing together. One sunny day, Sam had an idea. He said, Lets set a festival! Jane said, Whats a festival? Sam said, Its when lots of people get together and have fun. Jane said, Okay, lets do it! So the two friends got to work. They found a big park and set up a lot of fun things. There were races and games, swing sets and a huge picnic. Everyone who came was smiling and happy! But then, something nosy happened. A big dog came running up and started eating all the food. Everyone laughed, but Sam and Jane knew they had to do something. They ran over to the dog and chased the dog away. Then they put the food in a safe place and the festival could continue! Everyone had a wonderful time, and they all thanked Sam and Jane for setting the festival. They knew that having friends like Sam and Jane was the best thing ever!Lila and Ben were playing in the backyard. They had a big box and some shiny paper. They wanted to make a pretend spaceship. Lets deliver some crystals to the moon, Lila said. She had a necklace with a blue crystal that sparkled in the sun. OK, but we have to be careful. There are fierce aliens on the moon, Ben said. He had a toy laser gun that made funny noises. They climbed into the box and pretended to fly. They made whoosh and beep sounds. They saw the moon in the sky. It was round and white. Look, theres a landing spot, Lila said. She pointed to a patch of dirt. Lets go and give the crystal to the moon people. They got out of the box and walked slowly. They held hands. They saw something move behind a bush. It was green and hairy. It had big eyes and sharp teeth. It was an alien! Roar! The alien jumped out and ran towards them. It wanted the crystal. Help! Lila and Ben screamed. They dropped the crystal and ran back to the box. They closed the flap and locked it. Go away, you fierce alien! Ben shouted. He waved his laser gun. We dont want to play with you! The alien picked up the crystal and looked at it. It liked the shiny thing. It smiled and made a friendly noise. It wanted to play with Lila and Ben. Hello, Im Zog. Im not fierce. Im lonely. Can I be your friend? The alien said. It knocked on the box. Lila and Ben heard the alien. They were scared, but also curious. They opened the flap and peeked out. They saw the alien holding the crystal. It looked sad. Hi, Im Lila. This is Ben. Were sorry we ran away. We thought you were fierce, Lila said. Im sorry I scared you. I just wanted to see the crystal. Its so pretty. Can I share it with you? Zog said. Lila and Ben nodded. They came out of the box and smiled. They gave Zog a hug. They played with the crystal and the laser gun. They had fun. They became friends. They delivered the crystal to the moon people. They flew back to Earth. They had a great adventure.Mia was 3 years old and she was very excited to wear her new dress. Every year, the stores sold special dresses with pretty designs and Mia wanted one. She had asked her parents for it but they said no. Mia felt very guilty because she had asked them for something they wouldnt let her have. One day, Mia was playing in her back yard when she found a pretty dress in the grass. It was the same as the one she wanted! She was so excited that she quickly put it on. It fit perfectly! Mia ran to show her parents what she was wearing and they were so happy to see her in the dress. They said it was ok if she kept wearing it and from that day on, Mia enjoyed wearing her special dress. She felt guilty no more!Ben and Lily were playing with their cars on the floor. They liked to make them zoom and crash and honk. Ben had a red car and Lily had a blue car. They pretended they were racing on a big road. Ready, set, go! Ben shouted and pushed his car forward. Lily did the same with her car. They watched as their cars sped along the floor, trying to reach the other side first. Vroom, vroom, Im going to win! Ben said. No, Im going to win! Lily said. They were so close to the end of the road, when suddenly, Bens car hit a book and flipped over. Lilys car passed by and reached the finish line. Yay, I won, I won! Lily cheered and lifted her car in the air. She felt happy and proud. She had a victory. Hey, thats not fair! Ben cried and picked up his car. He felt sad and angry. He had a loss. You cheated, you pushed my car! I did not! Lily said. Your car hit the book by itself. You were just too slow! Thats rude! Ben said. Youre a bad winner! He threw his car at Lily, but missed. Lily threw her car back at Ben, but also missed. They started to yell and fight. Stop, stop! their mom said. She came into the room and saw the mess. She felt worried and annoyed. She had a headache. What are you doing? Why are you throwing your cars? Mom, she cheated, she pushed my car! Ben said. Mom, hes lying, hes a sore loser! Lily said. Enough! their mom said. She paused and took a deep breath. She had an idea. How about we play a different game? A game where you have to work together and share? What game? Ben and Lily asked. Their mom smiled and showed them a big puzzle. She had a plan. She hoped they would learn to get along. Lets see if you can put this puzzle together. It has a picture of a beautiful rainbow. Do you like rainbows? Ben and Lily nodded. They liked rainbows. They forgot about their cars and their fight. They felt curious and excited. They had a new challenge. Okay, lets do it! they said and followed their mom to the table. They started to look for the pieces that matched. They helped each other and said sorry and thank you. They had fun. Their mom watched them and felt relieved and happy. She had a peace.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the sunshine. One day, she found a pebble on the ground. It was small and shiny. She picked it up and put it in her pocket. Later, Lilys mom asked her to clean up her toys. Lilys room was messy with toys everywhere. Her mom told her to put them away in the toy box. Lily didnt want to clean up, but her mom told her to do it anyway. After Lily finished cleaning, she showed her mom the pebble she found. Her mom smiled and told her it was pretty. Lily was happy that she found something special to tell her mom about.One day, a large lemon rolled down a hill. As it went, it shouted its name. It said Im a lemon! The lemon rolled all the way to a house. It saw a young girl in the garden. She said Good morning, lemon! The lemon was surprised. It had never been talked to before. It said, My name is Lemon. The girl smiled. She said That is a very nice name. Then the girl gave Lemon some sugar. She said This will make you very happy! The lemon was so happy. It said Thank you very much. I am a large and happy lemon now!Once upon a time, there was a white cat named Fluffy. Fluffy loved to play outside in the sun. Every day, Fluffy would go outside at noon to play with her friends. One day, Fluffy saw a big butterfly. The butterfly could change colors! It changed from red to blue to green. Fluffy thought the butterfly was so pretty. She wanted to play with it. Fluffy and the butterfly played all day. They ran in the grass and jumped in the air. When the sun went down, Fluffy and the butterfly said goodbye. Fluffy went home and told her mom about her new friend. She couldnt wait to play with the butterfly again tomorrow.Sara was a little bird who lived in a big tree. She had a cozy nest with her mom and dad and two brothers. Sara liked to sing and play with her brothers, but sometimes she was selfish. She wanted to have the best twigs and feathers for her nest, and she did not like to share. One day, a big storm came to the tree. The wind was loud and scary, and it shook the branches. Sara was afraid and hid in her nest. She saw that her brothers were afraid too, and they wanted to cuddle with their mom and dad. But Sara did not let them. She said, This is my nest, and you cannot come in. Go away! Her brothers were sad and hurt. They tried to find another place to hide, but the storm was too strong. They cried and called for Sara, but she did not listen. She thought she was safe and warm in her nest, and she did not care about her brothers. But then, something bad happened. A big gust of wind blew Saras nest away from the tree. Sara screamed and flapped her wings, but she could not fly. She fell and fell, until she landed on the ground. She was hurt and cold and alone. She wished she had her mom and dad and brothers with her. She realized she had been very selfish and mean. She looked up and saw her family flying down to her. They were worried and scared for her. They hugged her and comforted her. They said, We love you, Sara, and we are sorry you lost your nest. But we are happy you are alive. We will help you and make a new nest together. Sara felt sorry and ashamed. She said, I love you too, and I am sorry I was selfish and mean. I did not share my nest with you, and I did not care about you. Can you forgive me? Her mom and dad and brothers smiled and said, Of course we forgive you, Sara. You are our sister, and we are a family. We will always stick together, no matter what. Sara learned a lesson that day. She learned that being selfish is not good, and that sharing and caring is better. She learned that her nest was not just a pile of twigs and feathers, but a home filled with love. She learned that her family was the best thing she had, and she never wanted to lose them again.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his toy navy ships in the bathtub. One day, his mom told him it was time to get out of the tub and go to bed. Timmy promised his mom that he would be obedient and go to bed right away. But instead of going to bed, he snuck back into the bathroom to play with his navy ships some more. Suddenly, Timmy knocked over the bottle of bubble bath and made a big mess. His mom heard the noise and came to see what happened. She was very upset and told Timmy that he had broken his promise to be obedient. Timmy was sad and went to bed feeling guilty. The next day, he apologized to his mom and promised to be more obedient in the future. From then on, Timmy always kept his promises and was a good boy.Once upon a time, there was a beautiful independent dove. She liked to stay on her own and do her own thing. One day she was flying around looking for somewhere to stay for the night. Suddenly she saw a nice big tree with a cozy nest in its branches. She flew over to take a closer look. The nest looked perfect, so she decided to stay there for the night. She settled down in the nest, feeling nice and safe there. But just when she was about to sleep, a little bird flew up to see who was there. It was a little three year old bird. The three year old bird was happy to see the dove and asked if she was staying in the nest. The dove said yes, and the three year old bird asked if they could stay together. The dove thought about it and thought it would be nice to have some company. So she said yes, and the whole night they stayed together in the nest, chatting and laughing and telling stories until the morning. The next morning the dove said goodbye to the three year old bird and flew away to find another place to stay. But she was always thankful for her night with the little bird. From then on, she was even more independent, ready to stay anywhere she wanted.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play outside with his friends. One day, Timmys mom said, Timmy, mind the weather. It looks like it might rain soon. Timmy looked up at the sky and saw some big, brown clouds. He knew that meant his mom was right. Timmy ran to his friends and said, Hey guys, we better go inside. The weather is going to be bad soon. His friends agreed and they all went inside to play. Just as they got inside, it started to rain really hard. Timmys mom was happy that he listened to her and minded the weather.Once upon a time, there was a girl called Katy. Every day, Katy and her Dad would go to the park. Today, Katy wanted something special. She asked her Dad if they could go to the video store. Katys Dad said yes, so they went to the video store. When they arrived, Katy looked around and saw lots of delicious videos. She pointed to a video and said to her Dad, âœCan I order this one? Her Dad said, âœNo, Katy, you shouldnt order anything without asking. You should always be polite and ask first. Katy nodded and said, âœI remember. Sorry, Dad.â Katys Dad smiled and said, âœIts okay. You can order the video if you ask nicely.â So, Katy asked and said, âœMay I please order the video? Her Dad said, âœYes, of course you can.â Katy was so happy that she could order the video. This taught her an important lesson always be polite and ask nicely before ordering anything.Once upon a time, there were two little kids who loved to explore outside. Their names were Max and Lou. One day, Max and Lou decided to go for a walk and see if they could find some adventure. They decided to follow the trail of nuts and see where it would lead them. Max and Lou walked and walked. Max said, âœLook, Lou! Thereâs a nut up ahead!â Lou said, âœLetâs follow it!â So they followed the nut and it led them to a big tree. Lou said, âœOh, look at all the nuts under the tree!â Max said, âœLetâs try to get one!â So they ran fast to try and get a nut. But just as they were about to grab it, a big squirrel grabbed it first and ran away! Max and Lou laughed. âœOh well. At least we tried,â Lou said. And then they went home, with lots of stories to tell.Once upon a time, there was a naughty little boy named Tom. Tom did lots of fun things, but he also got into plenty of trouble. One day, he fancied playing in the rain and so he ran outside when it started to shower. His mom saw him from the window and called out to him, Tom! You naughty boy! Come inside now! Tom just ignored her and kept playing, so his mom opened the window and shouted, Tom! If you dont come inside, Im going to frown! Tom stopped playing and looked up. He was a bit scared, so he ran inside as fast as he could. His mom smiled and said, Now Tom, dont be naughty and go play inside. Tom nodded, trying to hide a naughty smile. He was glad his mom hadnt had to frown.Once upon a time, there was a smart swan who lived in a pond. He often played and sang in the pond. One day, he saw a little girl in the pond. She was trying to catch the fish but was not very successful. The swan swam closer and said, Why dont you use a sharp hook? The little girl smiled and thanked him for his advice. She quickly sharpened a stick and threaded it with a piece of string. She cast it in the water and within minutes, she had caught a fish! The swan was pleased and he said, You are so smart! You should come to the pond more often! The little girl smiled and said she would. From that day onwards, she would come to the pond to see the swan and learn from him. She was so smart that she soon became one of the best fishers around.Once upon a time, there was a very wealthy man who loved to sit in his chair. He always looked down on the people who had less than he did. Every day, he would remind himself how wealthy he was, and how better he was than anyone else. One day, an old woman walked up to the wealthy man and said she wanted to change places. The man laughed and said no. But the old woman asked again, and again the wealthy man said no. Finally, the old woman asked the wealthy man, if I can make this chair move backwards, will you agree to change places with me?. The wealthy man thought it was impossible, but he agreed. The old woman then began to move the chair slowly backwards. The wealthy man then realised how fortunate he was, and how truly blessed he was to have all the wealth he had. He learned a lesson that day and made sure to never again look down on other people who didnt have as much as him. The moral of this story is that being truly wealthy is about what you have in your heart, not just what you have in your pocket.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the snow. One day, Lilys mom gave her a pair of gloves to wear outside. But Lily didnt like them because they were ugly and didnt match her coat. Lilys mom said, Lets measure your hands to make sure we get the right size gloves for you. They found out that Lily needed a smaller size. So, they went to the store and found a pretty pair of gloves that matched her coat perfectly. Lily was so happy with her new gloves. She played outside in the snow and her hands stayed warm and cozy. From that day on, Lily learned that its important to measure things to make sure they fit just right.Once there was a girl who was walking in the park. She noticed a helpless pigeon on the ground. She tried to help it but the pigeon was scared and wouldnt move. So the girl decided to push it gently with her foot. It worked. The pigeon flew away. She felt happy and relieved that she helped the helpless pigeon. The girl smiled and waved goodbye as the pigeon flew away.Sam jogged along the path. He could smell a delicious smell coming from the nearby strawberry fields. He had been wanting to get some strawberries, but they werent available. Suddenly, a voice called out to him. He looked around and saw a small girl, about 3 years old, standing at the edge of the path. Do you have any strawberries?, she asked. Sam smiled at her and said, Sorry, I dont have any, but I know where you can get some. He pointed to the strawberry fields. The girl beamed a big smile. Thanks! she said, then gave Sam a wave before jogging off to get some strawberries. Sam smiled, happy that he had been able to help. He knew how much the girl had been wanting some strawberries. He watched as she ran into the strawberry fields, probably to get some of the sweet, juicy strawberries that were now available.Alice was so excited to unpack her new surprise. It was a big, blue box that looked very special. She asked her mom, Mommy, what is it? Her mom said, Its a unique start to something new. Lets unpack it and see what it is. Alice eagerly opened the box, and inside, she saw lots of colourful blocks! She was so surprised. She said, Wow! What are these for? Her mom smiled and said, We can use them to build something special. Lets unpack them and get started! So, Alice put on her creative thinking cap and started to unpack the blocks. She had so much fun putting the blocks together. In no time, her mom had helped her build a beautiful castle. Alice couldnt believe it! She said, Mommy, I love my new castle! Thank you for my unique start. Mom smiled and said, Youre welcome, sweetheart!Once upon a time, there was a little dog named Spot. Spot loved to sing. One day, Spot found a microphone in the park. He was very happy and wanted to sing into it. Spot saw his friend, Cat, and said, Look, I found a microphone! Lets sing together! Cat was alert and said, Okay, but we must be careful not to spoil it. They started to sing and dance, having lots of fun. Suddenly, a big wind came and blew the microphone away. Spot and Cat were sad, but they promised to find another microphone and keep singing. They learned to be more alert, so they wouldnt spoil their fun again.One day, a little girl named Hanna dreamed of having a pony. She wanted one more than anything! Every day, she looked outside her window, hoping there might be a pony waiting for her. One morning, Hanna woke up and realized there was a pony standing outside her window! She was so excited that she ran outside. Hanna was scared at first, but she slowly walked closer and closer. She was quiet so she wouldnt scare the pony. The pony was so gentle and friendly she even nuzzled and nudged Hanna! Hanna was no longer frightened. The pony followed Hanna wherever she went. Hanna felt like she was in a dream, but it was all real! She realized that her dream of having a pony had come true. Now she had a special friend to keep her company.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She was very happy and cheerful, always smiling and laughing. One day, Lilys mom told her it was time to take a bath. Lily didnt want to take a bath because she was having too much fun playing with her toys. Come on, Lily. Its time to take a bath, said her mom. Lily shrugged her shoulders and said, I dont want to go to the bathroom. But you need to take a bath so you can be clean, her mom replied. Lily thought about it for a moment and then said, Okay, Ill take a bath. But can I bring my toys with me? Her mom smiled and said, Of course you can, Lily. Lets go to the bathroom and get you cleaned up. Lily happily went to the bathroom with her toys and took a nice, warm bath. She felt much better and was glad she listened to her mom.Mandy was very excited. She was three years old and had just received her first magazine. It was packed with interesting pictures and stories. Mandy loved to look at the magazine, but she was also eager to solve the puzzles and find the hidden words. Mandy opened the magazine and saw a jigsaw puzzle on the first page. She carefully arranged the pieces until she was able to solve the puzzle. When she was done, she felt proud and very grateful for such a great magazine. Mandy spent the rest of the day looking at the magazine. She was amazed at all the things she could learn and the stories she could read. When it was time to go to bed, Mandy was already planning on what puzzles to solve first in her magazine the next morning.Once upon a time, there was a man with a huge axe. He lived in a big forest with many trees. One day, he wanted to make a fire to cook his food. So, he gathered some wood and lit a match. The wood started to burn and the fire grew bigger and bigger. Suddenly, the man heard a loud noise. He turned around and saw a huge tree falling down. The tree had been too close to the fire and it burned too much. The man was scared and ran away from the fire. He realized that he needed to be careful when he made a fire in the forest. From that day on, the man always made sure to keep his fire far away from the trees. He also learned that he needed to be careful with his huge axe. He knew that if he wasnt careful, he could accidentally burn down the whole forest.Lily liked to dress up as a princess. She had a pink dress, a shiny crown and a wand. She put on her dress and crown and looked in the mirror. She smiled and said, I am a pretty princess! She wanted to make her wand more sparkly. She found some glitter and glue in her drawer. She put some glue on her wand and sprinkled glitter on it. She waved her wand and said, Magic, magic, make me fly! But the glue was not dry yet. Some of it dripped on her dress and her hair. The glitter stuck to the glue and made a mess. Lily felt sad and said, Oh no, I am a messy princess! She heard her mom call her for lunch. She ran to the kitchen, hoping her mom would not see her dress and hair. She was very hungry and wanted to eat. She saw a sandwich, a banana and a glass of milk on the table. She said, Thank you, mom, this looks yummy! Her mom saw her dress and hair and smiled. She said, You are a very creative princess, Lily. But you need to wash your dress and hair after lunch. And next time, wait for the glue to dry before you use it. She gave her a hug and a kiss and said, I love you, Lily, you are my special princess!Lily and her mom went to the big store to buy furniture. They needed a new bed for Lily, because she was too big for her old one. Lily saw many beds in the store, but she liked the one with pink flowers best. Mom, can we buy this bed? Lily asked, pointing to the bed. Let me see, sweetie, her mom said, looking at the price tag. Hmm, this bed is very expensive. How about this one? She showed Lily another bed, with blue stars. Lily shook her head. No, mom, I want the pink one. It is so pretty and cozy. Her mom sighed. I know, honey, but we have to save money. We cant buy everything we want. Maybe we can find something else that you like. Lily felt sad. She really wanted the pink bed. She wondered if her mom would ever buy it for her. They walked around the store, looking at other furniture. Lily saw a big couch, a round table, and a tall bookshelf. She also saw a small kitchen, with a stove, a sink, and a fridge. It had pots and pans, plates and cups, and fake food. Lily loved to play pretend, and she thought the kitchen was very fun. Mom, look at this! Lily said, running to the kitchen. Can we buy this? Her mom smiled. That is a nice kitchen, Lily. Do you want to play with it for a while? Yes, please! Lily said, happily. She put on an apron, and pretended to cook. She made soup, salad, and cake. She invited her mom to join her. Here, mom, have some soup. It is very tasty, Lily said, offering her mom a spoon. Thank you, Lily. Mmm, this is delicious, her mom said, pretending to eat. They played for a long time, and had a lot of fun. Lily forgot about the pink bed, and enjoyed the kitchen. She liked to make her mom happy. After a while, her mom said, Lily, it is time to go. We have to buy your bed, remember? Lily nodded. She cleaned up the kitchen, and said goodbye to it. She hoped she could play with it again someday. They went back to the bed section, and looked for a bed that they could afford. Lily saw a bed with yellow suns, and thought it was nice. It was not as expensive as the pink bed, but it was still cozy. Mom, how about this bed? Lily asked. Her mom looked at the bed, and smiled. That is a good choice, Lily. It is bright and cheerful, and it fits our budget. Do you like it? Lily nodded. She liked the yellow bed. She thought it would make her happy. OK, then, lets buy it, her mom said. She paid for the bed, and asked for help to load it in their car. They drove home, and set up the bed in Lilys room. Lily put on her pajamas, and climbed into her new bed. She hugged her mom, and said, Thank you, mom, for buying me this bed. I love you. I love you too, Lily, her mom said, kissing her goodnight. Sweet dreams. Lily closed her eyes, and felt warm and cozy. She dreamed of pink flowers, blue stars, and yellow suns. She was happy.Once upon a time two friends, Aiyana and Aliya, were playing in the park. Aiyana had a great idea. She said to Aliya, Lets take turns doing cartwheels! Aliya thought it was a nice idea and said yes. So, the two friends decided to take turns. First, Aiyana did a cartwheel, and then, Aliya did a cartwheel. After they were done, they both looked at each other and said, That was fun! Lets decide who did the best cartwheel. Aiyana said, I think you did the best one. Your cartwheel was really nice. Aliya smiled, and said, I think you did the best one. I saw your cartwheel and it looked really, really nice! So, they decided to wait and see what the result would be. After a few moments, they both agreed that they had both done a great job. The friends smiled at each other and said, That was a nice result!Two cute birds were flying around in the sky and they spotted something adorable. It was a glass filled with yummy seeds. The birds were excited and couldnt wait to taste the seeds. They quickly spread the seeds across the grass. The birds started to eat, but then they heard a loud noise! It was their mommy! She was angry! She said, âœWhat did you do to the glass?!â The birds tried to make up a story. They said, âWe didnt do anything wrong! We just wanted to taste the yummy seeds!â Their mother didnt believe them. She said, âYou have been very naughty and you must be punished. I want you to clean up the mess!â The birds were very sad. They had to spend all day collecting the seeds and fixing the glass. In the end, their mommy was still very angry and she flew away. The birds were all alone with no one to comfort them. They had learned their lesson, but it was a very bad ending.Once upon a time there was a little boy called Jim. He was very hungry and wanted to eat. He went to the kitchen to peek in the fridge. He saw lots of food, but it wasnt his. He didnt think it was right to eat food that wasnt his, so he left. Jim was very sad, he was still so very hungry. He was then feeling so brave, he peeked in the cupboards. He saw some cookies that looked good. He wanted so much to taste them. He remembered what his Mom had said Its not right to take things that dont belong to you. He was very proud, he had remembered the right thing to do. Jim was still hungry but he had been brave and done the right thing. Then, suddenly he heard his Moms voice calling. He ran to the kitchen and there was a big juicy apple. His Mom said I saved you this apple, I saw you trying to be brave, so here is a reward. Jim was so happy, he ate the juicy apple with a big smile. He had learnt a very important lesson, even when its hard he should always do the right thing.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play hockey with his friends. He would always run around with his stick and try to score a goal. One day, Timmys friend Johnny came to play with him. Johnny was very impatient and always wanted to win. Timmy and Johnny started playing hockey together. Johnny was very good at hockey and kept scoring all the goals. Timmy felt sad because he couldnt score any goals. But Timmy had a secret trick up his sleeve. He knew how to bow very low and sneak up on Johnny. When the time was right, Timmy bowed low and snuck up on Johnny. He quickly took the puck and scored a goal! Johnny was surprised and happy for Timmy. From that day on, Timmy and Johnny played hockey together and had lots of fun.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to draw with his pen. He drew pictures of his family, his pets, and even his favorite foods. One day, Timmys friend Bobby came over to play. Bobby wanted to draw too, but he didnt have a pen. Timmy had an idea. I can separate my pens and give you one! he said. Bobby was happy and said, You are so smart, Timmy! As they drew together, Timmy asked, What are you drawing, Bobby? Bobby replied, I am drawing a picture of my house and my mommy and daddy. Timmy smiled and said, Thats a great idea! I will draw my house too. They drew and drew until it was time for Bobby to go home. Timmy said, Lets keep our pictures safe and show them to each other next time you come over. Bobby agreed and said, Thanks for sharing your pen with me, Timmy. You are a good friend.Once there was a little boy who had an apple. He wanted to show it off, so he started walking up and down the street with it. He was walking very gracefully and everyone admired him. One day he decided he should take his apple to the park. He brought it with him and proudly held it out to show everyone. Unfortunately, a group of bullies saw him and wanted to take it away from him. The boy was scared, but he held onto it tightly. He tried his best to keep it safe, but the bullies were stronger and after a lot of struggling they managed to steal his apple away. The boy was so sad and he learnt an important lesson. He realised that it is better to be humble and share things, than to be selfish and have to face such a bad ending.Once upon a time there was a little girl who liked to play in the park. She liked to slide down the slides and jump on the bouncy toys. But one day, she noticed something strange in the park. There was a big pile of waste and it was blocking the way. It looked very dirty and it smelled bad. The little girl knew it must be dangerous, so she asked her mom for help. Mom knew just what to do. She brought some big buckets of water and some special cleaning items. Then, they both started to wash away the waste. It was hard work, but after a few hours, they had cleaned the park. The little girl was so happy that they had kept the park safe and clean. She knew she would be able to keep playing there without being in danger. She thanked her mom and promised to help keep the park clean.Once upon a time there was a farmer. He was a kind, old man with a big, white beard. One day he was out in the fields, working away. Suddenly he felt very tired and let out a big yawn. He was so glad when he heard the happy sound of a cow mooing. The farmer smiled and stretched. He felt very tired from all the work he had been doing in the hot sun. He decided to take a break, so he walked over to the fence and sat down. He closed his eyes and took a few deep breaths. As he did he could feel himself getting more and more relaxed. The farmer couldnt help but yawn again. This time a very big and hearty one, which made the cow look at him with a big grin. They both grinned in the warm sunlight. The farmer was glad that he had taken a break and was enjoying the sunshine and fresh air. He knew that he could finish his work later, and so he stayed there a little while longer, smiling in the warm sun.Anna loves her parrot, Max. Max is a playful bird who likes to talk and sing. He can say many words that Anna teaches him. He can also copy sounds that he hears, like the phone or the doorbell. One day, Anna and Max are playing in the living room. Anna has a toy phone and pretends to call her friends. She says, Hello, this is Anna. How are you? Max listens and repeats, Hello, this is Anna. How are you? Anna laughs and says, You are so smart, Max. You sound just like me. Then, the real phone rings in the kitchen. Anna runs to answer it. She says, Hello, this is Anna. Who is this? She hears a familiar voice, but it is not her friend. It is Max. He says, Hello, this is Anna. How are you? Anna is surprised and confused. She says, Max, is that you? How did you get the phone? She runs back to the living room and sees Max holding the phone in his beak. He has flown to the kitchen and picked up the phone when it rang. He is very proud of his trick. He says, Hello, this is Anna. How are you? Anna shakes her head and smiles. She says, You are so silly, Max. You are not Anna. You are a parrot. But you are a very clever and playful parrot. I love you, Max. She hugs him and gives him a treat. Max says, I love you, Anna. Thank you. They go back to playing with the toy phone.Jane dug a deep hole in the ground. She found a lollipop in her pocket and put it in the hole. She grabbed some dirt from the ground and buried the lollipop. Jane was so happy to have buried the lollipop! The next day Jane went back to the little hole and found that the dirt was all dirty. She started to dig with her hands and, eventually, she found the lollipop! It was all sticky and yummy! Jane was so excited and she couldnt wait to lick it! Jane loved eating her lollipop. When she was done she put the stick in the ground near the hole. She covered the lollipop stick with dirt and buried it. She said, Bye bye lollipop stick! Jane had a lot of fun that day. She was so happy to have buried the lollipop and found it again!Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved dinosaurs. He had a big toy dinosaur that he played with every day. One day, Timmys mom took him to the park to play. As they were walking, Timmy saw a big green dinosaur statue. Timmy ran up to the statue and hugged it. He loved how comfortable it felt. Suddenly, Timmys toy dinosaur fell out of his pocket and landed on the ground. Timmy picked it up and put it in his mouth to chew on it like he always did. But then, something strange happened. The big green dinosaur statue started to move! It came to life and started walking towards Timmy. Timmy was scared at first, but then he realized that the dinosaur just wanted to play. They played together all day and Timmy was so happy. From that day on, Timmy knew that anything was possible and that sometimes, the things we love can come to life.Once upon a time, there was a bunny named Benny. Benny was very friendly and loved to play with his friends in the forest. One day, Benny and his friend, a little bird, were playing together when they saw a beautiful flower. Benny said, Wow, that flower is so pretty! I wish I could design something as beautiful as that. The little bird replied, Maybe you can design something for spring when all the flowers come out. Benny thought that was a great idea and started to think about what he could design. He wanted to make something that would make his friends happy. After a few days of thinking, Benny came up with a plan. He decided to make a big swing for everyone to play on. When spring came, he showed his friends the swing and they all had so much fun playing on it. Benny felt very proud of his design and was happy to see his friends having fun.One day, a little otter named Ollie wanted to celebrate his birthday. He asked his mom and dad if he could have a party with his friends. They said yes, and helped him make a big cake with fish and berries. They also blew up some balloons and hung them on the trees. Ollie was very happy and excited. He invited his best friends, Sammy the seal, Lila the beaver, and Finn the dolphin. They all came to his party and brought him presents. They played games, sang songs, and ate cake. Ollie felt very loved and special. But there was one thing that Ollie wished for more than anything. He wished he could see a rainbow. He had heard stories about how beautiful and colorful rainbows were, but he had never seen one himself. He wondered what it would be like to touch a rainbow, or slide on it, or swim under it. As the party was ending, Ollies mom and dad had a surprise for him. They told him to look up at the sky. Ollie did, and he gasped. There, in the sky, was a big, bright, and beautiful rainbow. It was shining with all the colors of the world. Ollies eyes sparkled with joy. Wow! A rainbow! A rainbow for me! Ollie exclaimed. How did you do that? His mom and dad smiled and hugged him. We didnt do anything, Ollie. It was a gift from nature. Sometimes, after it rains, the sun and the water make a rainbow. Its a sign of hope and happiness. And today, its a sign of how much we love you. Happy birthday, Ollie! Ollie hugged them back and thanked them. He also thanked his friends for coming to his party and sharing his cake. He felt very lucky and grateful. He had the best birthday ever. He had a sweet cake, a sweet party, and a sweet rainbow. He was a sweet otter.Once upon a time, there was an old man who lived in a small house. He had a little dog named Spot. They were good friends. The old man liked to say thank you to Spot, because Spot was always helping him. One day, the old man saw a big box in his yard. He did not know where it came from. He thought, Maybe there is a nice surprise inside. The old man and Spot opened the box. Inside, they found a big toy. It was a pretty toy with many colors. The old man did not know the price of the toy, but he knew it must be special. He said, Spot, we must find out who left this toy for us, so we can say thank you. The old man and Spot went to their friend, the little girl next door. The little girl said she did not leave the toy. They went to the big tree in the park, where many kids played. They asked the kids, but no one knew about the toy. The old man and Spot felt sad, because they could not say thank you. Then, they saw a small note under the toy. The note said, To the old man and Spot, thank you for being good friends. Enjoy this toy. Love, the people in the big house. The old man and Spot went to the big house and said thank you to the people. They were very happy. From that day on, the old man and Spot played with the toy every day. They knew that saying thank you was very important. And they always remembered to be kind to others, just like the people in the big house were kind to them.Lily and Ben were playing in the garden. They had a big bottle of water and a small spray bottle. Lily filled the spray bottle with water and sprayed Ben. Ben laughed and sprayed Lily back. They had fun running and spraying each other. Then they saw Mom come out of the house with a tray. She had two glasses of juice and two cookies. Lily and Ben ran to Mom and said, Thank you, Mom! We are thirsty and hungry! Mom smiled and gave them the juice and cookies. She said, Youre welcome, my sweeties. You have been playing very nicely. Enjoy your snack. Lily and Ben took a sip of their juice. It was orange juice. It had a sweet and sour taste. They liked it. They took a bite of their cookies. They were chocolate chip cookies. They had a soft and crunchy taste. They liked them too. They looked at each other and smiled. They were happy and full. They were not envious of each other. They shared their snack and their spray bottle. They said, We love you, Mom. And we love each other.Once there was a little boy named Joe. One day Joe went to a garden and saw a big apple tree. He was so excited and couldnt wait to eat an apple. As he approached the tree he heard a voice say stop. Joe looked up and saw a purple bird perched on the branch. The bird said That apple is mine! Dont you even think about taking it. Joe was very upset by the birds words. He tried to reason with the bird but the bird was very stubborn. In the end, Joe had a great idea. He offered the bird another apple in exchange for the one on the branch. The bird was delighted with this and accepted the deal. Joe got the apple, and the bird got the one Joe had offered. They both smiled and went their separate ways. Joe was very happy that he got to have the apple. He was even more happy that he was able to solve the conflict in a friendly way.Once upon a time, there was a mom and her daughter. The daughter was very sweet and pretty. She loved jam. Every morning, she would help mommy spread jam on her toast. One day, the girl wanted to make her own jam. She asked mommy to help. Together, they cut up some apples and cooked them on the stove. After awhile, the apples smelled yummy and the jam looked nice. The girl was so excited, she wanted to give the jam to all of her friends. She put the jam in some jars, but mommy told her that she had better stay home. The girl felt a bit sad, but she knew her mom was right. When her friends came over, the girl gave each of them a jar of her very own jam. They all said it tasted so yummy and that the girl was very clever. The girl was so proud, she danced around the room. The jam was always a reminder of the special time that the girl and her mom shared. From then on, the girl always remained happy.Lily and Ben were playing in the park. They liked to swing and slide and run. They saw a big metal thing that looked like a snake. It was flexible and shiny and had a hole in the front. Lets go see the snake! Lily said. She ran to the metal thing and touched it. It was cold and hard. Be careful, Lily. It might be dangerous, Ben said. He followed her slowly. Lily put her head inside the hole. She wanted to see what was inside. She saw a red button and a green light. She pushed the button. The metal thing made a loud noise. It moved and twisted and wrapped around Lily. It squeezed her tight. Lily screamed and cried. Help! Help! Ben shouted. He tried to pull the metal thing off Lily. But it was too strong and heavy. He could not hug Lily or save her. The metal thing was not a snake. It was a trap. Lily and Ben did not know that. They were too young and curious. They played with the wrong thing. And now Lily was gone.Once upon a time there was a boy called Tim. He had a toy car and he loved to play with it every day. One day he wanted to show his car to his mummy and daddy. So he drove it to the living room and asked his daddy to have a look. His daddy was so proud of him. His daddy said, This is great, Tim. I recommend you get an arm for this car. It will help push it around and make it even better! Tim was so excited to get the arm and he dreamed of driving his car with the new arm. The next day, his mummy and daddy took him to the shop and bought a lovely blue arm for his car. When Tim saw the arm he was so happy. He quickly put the arm on the car and hopped in. He felt so proud and drove happily around the living room. Everyone was so proud of him and they were all so happy with the new arm. Timâs happy face, with his car and the blue arm, was a happy sight to see.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to carry her teddy bear everywhere she went. One day, Lilys mommy gave her a telephone to play with. Lily was so happy and talked to her teddy bear on the phone for hours. But one day, Lilys friend came over and asked to play with the telephone. Lily didnt want to share because she was being selfish. Her friend felt sad and left to go play somewhere else. Lily realized she was wrong and felt bad. She decided to share her telephone with her friend and they had so much fun talking on the phone together. From that day on, Lily learned to be less selfish and always share with her friends.Once upon a time there was a boy called Jack. He lived near the sea and loved to go swimming in it. Jack went to the beach one day and he saw something very interesting. The sea was glowing blue! Jack was so excited that he went to get his mom. Jack said, Mom, look! The sea is glowing blue! Oh, thats amazing, said his mom. Jack wanted to take a closer look and started walking towards the sea. His mom grabbed his hand and said, Wait, you cant go into the sea. You might get hurt. Jack was sad. He really wanted to explore the glowing sea, but he had to listen to his mom. In the end, Jack walked away from the sea and thought to himself Maybe one day Ill come back and explore the glowing sea.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved flowers and wanted to plant some in her garden. One day, she went to the store with her mommy to buy some seeds. At the store, she saw a beautiful flower in a tank. She asked her mommy, Can we buy that flower? Her mommy replied, That flower is fake, its not real. We cant plant it in our garden. Lily was sad, but her mommy told her they could buy some real seeds and plant them at home. They went home and planted the seeds. After a few weeks, the flowers began to bloom and Lily was so happy. She said to her mommy, Look mommy, the flowers are blooming! They are so pretty!Once upon a time, there was a fish named Finn. Finn loved to swim in the big blue sea all day long. One day, Finn met a crab named Carl. Carl asked Finn, Can you help me with my task? I need to find my lost shell. Finn said, Sure, I can help you. Where did you see it last? Carl said, I saw it near a foolish octopus who likes to play tricks on me. Finn and Carl went to search for the shell. They found the octopus and asked him if he had seen the shell. The octopus said, Yes, I have it. But I wont give it back unless you can beat me in a race. Finn and Carl agreed to the race. They swam as fast as they could and beat the octopus. The octopus gave back the shell and said, You are not as foolish as I thought. I will not play tricks on you anymore. Finn and Carl were happy they completed their task and became good friends.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside and explore the woods near her house. One day, she found a big barrel in the woods. It was very dirty and disgusting. Lily wanted to write her name on the barrel, so she took out a marker from her pocket and started writing. But suddenly, she heard a loud noise. It was a bear! The bear was angry and started chasing Lily. Lily ran as fast as she could, but she tripped and fell. The bear caught up to her and took the marker from her hand. The bear wrote something on the barrel and then ran away. When Lily looked at the barrel, she saw that the bear wrote Mine. Lily was very sad and scared. She ran back home and told her parents what happened. They called the forest rangers and they found the bear. Unfortunately, the bear had to be put down because it was becoming too dangerous for people to be around. Lily learned that its important to respect nature and not write on things that dont belong to her.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy liked to play with his toys and his friends. One day, Timmys mom took him to the park to play. Timmy saw his friends and ran to play with them. Timmys friends were playing a game and they asked Timmy to join. Timmy was very excited and started to play. Suddenly, Timmy fell down and his pants ripped. Timmy was embarrassed and ran away crying. Timmys mom saw him and tried to make him feel better. She told him that accidents happen and its okay to make mistakes. Timmy felt a little better and they went to get ice cream. On the way home, Timmy saw a man shouting and fighting with another man. Timmy was scared and asked his mom why they were fighting. His mom said that sometimes people dont get along and its important to try and make peace. When they got home, Timmys mom opened the door and they saw that their house had been robbed. Timmy was very scared and didnt understand why someone would do that. His mom called the police and they came to investigate. Timmy felt sad and scared because he lost his favorite toy. In the end, the police caught the robbers but Timmy still felt sad because he lost his toy. His mom hugged him and told him that they can always get a new toy but they cant replace the peace of mind that they lost.Once upon a time, there was a fish named Nemo. Nemo loved to swim in the ocean with his friends. One day, Nemo found a shiny piece of jewelry on the ocean floor. It was so pretty, but Nemo knew it was fake because it was made of plastic. Nemo decided to take the jewelry to show his friends. When Nemo showed the jewelry to his friends, they all laughed and told him it was fake. Nemo felt sad, but his friends told him that he was still special and they loved him just the way he was. Nemo felt better and they all continued to swim and play in the ocean together. From that day on, Nemo learned that it doesnt matter if something is fake or real, as long as you are happy and with the ones you love.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, she went outside to pick some fruit from the trees. She saw a big, juicy apple and a small, sweet orange. She wanted to eat them both, but she couldnt carry them all by herself. Suddenly, she saw her friend Billy walking by. She asked him if he wanted to join her and share the fruit. Billy was scared of climbing the tree, but Lily helped him up. Together, they picked the fruit and sat down to eat it. They were happy they could share and be friends.Once there was a little boy named Tim. He really loved chewing his snack. He loved it so much that he would chew it all day and even while he was playing! One day, while he was playing in the garden, Tim found a hammer. He was so curious that he wanted to chew it too. So he grabbed the hammer, put it in his mouth, and started to chew on it. Just then, his mom came out and saw what he was doing. She looked at him with such a compassionate face and softly said No, Tim, dont chew the hammer. Youll hurt your teeth! Lets find something else for you to chew on. Tim was so glad he was able to use his chewing skills in a different way. From then on, he was careful when he chewed and made sure he only chewed things he was supposed to.Sara liked to help her mom in the garden. She liked to dig and water and watch the plants grow. One day, mom gave her a peanut. She said, This is a seed. You can plant it and see what happens. Sara was curious. She dug a hole and put the peanut in. She covered it with dirt and watered it. She waited and waited. She checked every day. Nothing happened. Then, one morning, she saw a green sprout. She was happy. She watered it some more. The sprout grew bigger and bigger. It had leaves and flowers. The flowers were yellow and bright. Sara smiled. She said, Look, mom, the peanut bloomed! Mom smiled too. She said, Yes, it did. You did a good job, Sara. You know what? The peanut is not just a flower. It is also a food. The flowers make more peanuts under the ground. Do you want to dig them up and eat them? Sara nodded. She liked peanuts. She liked flowers. She liked gardening. She said, Thank you, mom. This is fun. Can we plant more seeds?One week, Grandma took little Bobby to the park. Bobby was three years old and so excited to explore the park. Everywhere he looked, he saw new things. He watched the birds blink their eyes, heard the sounds of the kids playing, and felt the sun warming his face. Grandma and Bobby went to the playground. They watched the other kids play tag and slide down the slide. Grandma encouraged Bobby to join them, but he was a bit scared. She took his hand and said, âœItâs normal to be scared. But, Iâm here with you.â So, Bobby took a deep breath and let go of Grandmaâs hand. He walked over to the slide and put his foot on the bottom step. He blinked twice, then took a deep breath and slid down the slide. When he reached the end, he was so happy. He looked at Grandma who was smiling proudly. He knew that with her help, he could do anything.Henry and Susie were playing together. They saw some colourful strips on the ground. Henry thought it was impressive and wanted to cover it all up. So he began to cover the ground with the strips. Susie wanted to help, and soon they were both covering the ground. They worked and worked until they had used up all the strips they could find. It looked great! Henry was so proud of their work, so they both danced around the amazing and impressive pattern they had made. The friends knew they wouldnt be able to cover the same ground again, so they treated it very carefully and slowly walked off back home.Tom and Mia are friends. They like to play in the park. They have a red ball. They kick the ball to each other. They have fun. But one day, a big boy comes. He is mean. He takes the ball from Tom and Mia. He says, This is my ball now. Go away. He runs away with the ball. Tom and Mia are sad. They want their ball back. They sit on a bench. They do not know what to do. Then, they see a girl. She is nice. She has a bike. She sees Tom and Mia. She asks, Why are you sad? Tom and Mia tell her what happened. The girl says, That is not fair. I can help you. I know where the big boy lives. He is my brother. He is always mean. Come with me. We can get your ball back. Tom and Mia are happy. They think the girl is helpful. They believe her. They get on the bike with her. They go to the big boys house. They find the ball. They take it back. They say, Thank you to the girl. They go back to the park. They play with the ball. They have fun.Once upon a time, there was a bunny named Benny. Benny loved to play outside in the garden. One day, Benny saw a big slide in the garden. He climbed up the ladder and slid down the slide. Wheeee! Benny was hungry, so he looked for something to eat. He found a big, red radish. It was so yummy! Benny ate the whole radish. After eating, Benny felt sleepy. He went to his regular spot under a bush and took a nap. When he woke up, it was time for dinner. Benny went back to the garden to look for more radishes. The end.Lily and Sam like to create things with paper and glue. They cut and stick and make animals and flowers and cars. They have fun and talk and laugh. But one day, it rains a lot. The rain makes the paper wet and the glue runny. Lily and Sams creations get ruined. They feel sad and worry. What can we do? Lily asks Sam. Our things are all wet and bad. Sam thinks for a moment. He has an idea. He smiles and says, We can create something new. Something that likes the rain. What is it? Lily asks. Sam shows her a paper boat. He folds and sticks and makes a boat. He gives it to Lily. We can make more boats and sail them in the water. The rain will not hurt them. It will make them go fast. Lily likes the idea. She makes a paper boat too. They go outside and find a puddle. They put their boats in the puddle and watch them float and move. They have fun and talk and laugh again. They do not worry about the rain anymore. They create something new and enjoy the wet.There was an elephant who really wanted to succeed. He tried hard every day. He would try and lift heavy logs, do tricks and practice running. He kept trying and trying, but he just couldnt seem to succeed. One day, he tried something new. He stood on a big rock and started to jump up and down. Every time, he got higher and higher. He kept jumping until he could touch the clouds! He jumped so high he had succeeded at last! He was so glad that he jumped with joy and made a trumpet noise. All the other animals looked at him in amazement. They had never seen an elephant fly so high! From that day on, he became known as The Flying Elephant.Once upon a time, there was a large tree that stood in a garden. Every day, the tree would grow bigger and bigger until it was taller than the sun. The sun was so happy it pretended to dance around the tree and give it a hug. At night, the tree would take a long nap and dream of growing taller. In the morning, the tree would wake up and stretch to reach the sky. As time passed, the large tree became even taller until it reached all the way to the stars. The stars were so impressed with the tree that they sent down a special star to keep it company. The star and the tree were like friends, and together they watched the sun rise and the moon shine. The tree had grown so large that it could now see all the way around the world. Everyone who passed by the tree was filled with joy and amazement. The tree was so happy, it took a nap and dreamed of growing even bigger.Once upon a time, in a small house, there was a messy room. The owner of the house, a nice lady, did not like the messy room. She wanted to make it clean and pretty. One day, the lady had a big idea. She would display her toys and books in the room. She thought it would make the room look nice. She started to clean the messy room and put her toys and books in their places. After she was done, the room was not messy anymore. The toys and books were on display, and the owner was happy. The room was now clean and pretty, and everyone who came to visit loved it too. And they all lived happily ever after.Once upon a time, there were two friends, Sam and Ted. Sam was a very clumsy little bear. Ted was a very clever fox. Every day, they liked to explore the woods together. One day, the two friends wanted to take a dip in the lake. Sam wanted to go in but Ted disagreed. Sam was sad because he wanted to go in the water. He said that it would be fun but Ted just said, No way! Sam tried his best to try to convince Ted that swimming would be fun. But Ted still disagreed. Sam was determined so he splashed around in the water while Ted watched. At first, Ted was angry, but then he laughed. It was so much fun watching Sam be clumsy in the water! He went to join in and they played together until the sun went down. The two friends had so much fun agreeing and disagreeing!Once upon a time there were two friends who went to a classroom. They were both very excited to learn new things. The teacher showed them lots of different objects, each one was special in its own way. The friends enjoyed learning about them. At the end of the day, the teacher said it was time for sleep. The two friends said their goodbyes and went to their beds. The next morning, the two friends went back to the classroom. Everything seemed different now, with the morning sun shining through the windows. It looked really beautiful. The two friends spent the morning learning and playing together. They enjoyed their time in the classroom together, until it was time for sleep again. That night, when they got into bed, the two friends were tired but also very happy. They had had a really wonderful day.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy who loved to play with his toys. One day, he decided to create a big tower with his blocks. His mom came into the room and said, Wow, Timmy! You are so organized with your toys! Timmy smiled and said, Thank you, mommy! Then, he started to play with his toy cars and made them go through a tunnel he made with his pillows. His little sister came in and said, Can I play too? Timmy said, Yes, you can! Lets create a big city together! And so, they played together and made a big city with their toys. They even made a big tunnel for their toy cars to go through. They had so much fun playing and being organized with their toys. The end.Once upon a time, there was a long film. It was so long that it could go on forever. But it only lived inside of a special machine called a printer. The printer was set to print the film out so that everybody could see it. But it was taking a very long time. It had been printing for hours and hours and the film still wasnt finished. One day a special three year old came running into the room. The boy saw the printer working and knew he had to help. So he hopped up on a chair and carefully pressed some buttons. He was so proud of himself because suddenly the printer began to move faster than ever. After only a few minutes, the film was ready! The boy cheered with delight, and the room filled with happy smiles. Everyone in the room was very proud of the boy for using his special skills to help print the long film. The end.Once upon a time, there was a brave bumblebee named Baloo. He always knew what was the right thing to do, but one day he didnt know what should happen. Baloo came across a will and he thought it was very useful. He wanted to know what it said so he picked it up and set off. Baloo soon came across a bear who was his good friend. The bear asked him why he had the will in his hands. Baloo told the bear he thought it was useful. The bear said that the will would only be useful if it was used properly. The bear then told Baloo that it was important to always do what was right and to think of others before himself. The opinion had an effect on Baloo and he decided to put the will into action and use it for good. He shared the will with all of his animal friends and with their help, they were able to do great things. Baloo had learned a valuable lesson that day always think of others before yourself and use the things you find in a helpful and positive way.Tim and Lily went to the zoo with Mom and Dad. They saw many animals, like lions, monkeys, and giraffes. But Tim and Lily liked the penguins best. They watched them swim and slide on the ice. Can we feed them? Lily asked Mom. No, sweetie, we cant. They have their own food, Mom said. Tim saw a man with a bucket of fish. He was wearing a blue coat and a hat. He looked like he worked at the zoo. Maybe he can give us some fish to feed the penguins, Tim said. He ran to the man and said, Hello, sir. Can we have some fish, please? The man smiled and said, Sure, kid. You can have one fish each. But be careful, they might bite. He offered Tim and Lily a fish from the bucket. Tim and Lily thanked him and walked to the penguin pool. They held the fish in their hands and waved them at the penguins. The penguins saw the fish and came closer. They made loud noises and flapped their wings. Some of them jumped out of the water and tried to grab the fish. Wow, they are hungry! Lily said. But one penguin was different. He was smaller and quieter than the others. He stayed in the corner of the pool and looked sad. Whats wrong with him? Tim asked. I dont know. Maybe he is sick or lonely, Lily said. She felt sorry for the little penguin. She decided to give him her fish. She walked to the edge of the pool and said, Here, little penguin. This is for you. I hope you like it. She threw the fish to the penguin. He looked surprised and happy. He caught the fish in his beak and ate it. He waddled to Lily and rubbed his head against her hand. He made a soft noise. Aw, he likes you! Tim said. Lily smiled and petted the penguin. He felt warm and soft. She said, Youre welcome, little penguin. Youre very cute. The penguin nodded and smiled. He followed Lily wherever she went. He wanted to be her friend. But the other penguins were not happy. They were jealous and angry. They wanted more fish. They wanted Lilys attention. They started to chase the little penguin and peck at him. They made loud noises and flapped their wings. Hey, stop that! Tim said. He tried to protect the little penguin. He said, Leave him alone. Hes our friend. But the penguins did not listen. They kept attacking the little penguin. They made him cry. Lily was scared and sad. She said, Mom, Dad, help! The penguins are mean to the little penguin. They hurt him. Mom and Dad heard Lilys cry. They ran to the penguin pool. They saw the penguins fighting. They saw the little penguin bleeding. They called the man with the bucket. He came and said, Whats going on here? He saw the little penguin and said, Oh, no. Hes the new penguin. He just arrived yesterday. Hes not used to the others. They dont like him. They bully him. He picked up the little penguin and said, Dont worry, little guy. Ill take you to the vet. Hell make you better. He thanked Tim and Lily for feeding the little penguin. He said, Youre very kind, kids. You made him happy. He likes you. Maybe you can visit him again when hes well. He took the little penguin away. Tim and Lily waved goodbye. They hoped the little penguin would be okay. They hugged Mom and Dad. They said, Were sorry, Mom and Dad. We didnt mean to cause trouble. We just wanted to feed the penguins. Mom and Dad hugged them back. They said, Its okay, Tim and Lily. We know you meant well. You did a good thing. You showed the little penguin some love. Youre very brave and sweet. They kissed Tim and Lily. They said, Were proud of you, kids. We love you. They left the zoo. They went home. They had a warm and cozy night. They dreamed of the little penguin. They hoped he would be happy. They hoped he would find some friends. They hoped they would see him again.Once upon a time there was a brave little puppy named Ray. He loved to collect things, especially small pieces of paper. One day, Ray was happily collecting pieces of paper in the garden when he heard a mysterious noise. He stopped, looked up, and felt a sudden chill in the air. It was an alarm! Ray was scared, but he was brave. He knew he had to find out what was making the sound. As he followed the noise, he noticed how fierce it was getting. He was getting closer. Suddenly, he saw a big tree. Under the tree lay a big box with a strange alarm ringing inside. He sniffed it carefully and, to his surprise, he discovered that it was full of paper! Ray was so happy he had found the source of the noise that he ran back to his owner and told him all about his new discovery. His owner was so proud of his brave little pup and promised to collect the paper with him the next day.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, Lilys friend asked to borrow her toy car. Lily said yes and gave her friend the car. Later, Lily needed to go to the bathroom. She asked her friend where it was. Can you show me where the bathroom is? asked Lily. Sure, said her friend, Its down the hall. Lily went to the bathroom but when she came out, she saw a big dog. The dog barked loudly and Lily was frightened. Her friend saw what happened and ran to her. Dont be scared, said her friend, The dog is friendly. Lily felt better and thanked her friend. They played with the toy car together and had a great day.Once upon a time there lived a bear named Honey. Honey was always very ready for anything. One day, Honey wanted to go for a swim in the lake. He had some friends who wanted to join him but Honey wanted to go alone. He had heard that if you believed hard enough, then you could do anything. So Honey closed his eyes and believed that he could swim in the lake. When Sweet opened his eyes, he found himself in the lake! He was so excited that he could do it, he swam around happily. When he was done, he got ready to go back onto the bank. He knew that believing was powerful and it was something special. Honey went back home feeling very proud of himself. He knew that when he believed, he could do just about anything. He was so happy he even got some extra honey to celebrate his success. From that day on, Honey knew he could do anything if he just believed.Once upon a time there was a happy girl. Her name was Sarah. She loved to play with her friends in the park. One day they all saw something sparkly and shiny in the sky. It was a silver balloon. Look! called Sarah. Lets rise up and follow it! So they all ran and chased the silver balloon. But try as they might, they couldnt catch it. I have an idea, said Sarah. Lets get a ladder and rise up that way. Her friends were excited. They got their ladder and rose up toward the silver balloon. The ladder was just the right length, and Sarahs friends cheered as she reached out and grabbed the silver balloon. We did it! shouted Sarah. They all felt very successful. The silver balloon flew away, and Sarah and her friends went back to the park. They talked about their adventure for many days, and Sarah was always happy she rose up and caught the silver balloon.Once upon a time, there was a big, noisy comet in the sky. It was very bright and could be seen from far away. A little boy named Timmy saw the comet and got very excited. He ran inside to tell his mommy and daddy about the comet. They went outside to see it too. Daddy said he wanted to take a picture of the comet, so he loaded his camera with film. Timmy watched as Daddy took a picture of the noisy comet. He was so happy to have seen it and couldnt wait to tell all his friends at school the next day. The end.Once upon a time, there was a generous little girl named Lila. She was always so happy and she often had the biggest laugh. Every day when Lila went to school, she would laugh with her friends, who were always happy too. At school, everyone had their own desk and on her desk, Lila kept all her most special things. One day, Lila showed her friends her special treasure it was a small box filled with generous treats like candy and sweets. Her friends laughed with joy when they saw what Lila had. She was so generous! So every day, Lilas friends would come to her desk and they would laugh as they shared generous treats together. This was the best part of the school day!One day, a cute little helicopter was flying high in the sky. It loved to see the trees and houses below. The helicopter had a best friend, a big red truck. They played together every day. One morning, the helicopter and the truck were playing near the park. They were having so much fun. Then, a big wind came and blew the helicopter far away. The truck called out, Come back, helicopter! I dont want to separate from you! The helicopter tried to fly back, but the wind was too strong. It said, I will try, truck! I dont want to separate from you too! The helicopter tried very hard and finally, it flew back to the truck. The truck was so happy to see the helicopter again. They hugged and played together for the rest of the day. They promised to never separate and to always be best friends.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to have fun, and she had a plan. Lily wanted to learn to surf. She went to the beach and saw a big, blue ocean. She knew it was the perfect place for surfing. Lily asked her mom for a surfboard. Her mom said yes, and Lily was so happy. She couldnt wait to try it out. Lilys dad showed her how to use the surfboard. At first it was hard, but Lily kept trying. After a little while, Lily was surfing all by herself. She was so proud. Lily had such a great time at the beach that day. She even made a plan to go back and surf again soon.One night, John had to do something very tough. He grabbed his flashlight and stepped outside. As he came closer to the dark woods, his heart raced. There was no turning back now. John walked and walked, until he saw something shining in the distance. Flashlight in hand, he cautiously came closer. It was a big bad wolf! John was scared, but he didnt give up. He yelled, Go away! The wolf growled and stepped closer. Suddenly, John heard a noise coming from the bushes. It was his friends coming to help him! Johns friends ran over to him and started to throw stones at the wolf. The wolf was so scared that he ran away! John and his friends were relieved and hugged each other. Thanks to the tough work of John and his friends, the night was saved!Once upon a time, there was a little girl who loved to explore. One day, she went on an adventure and found a big lake. She saw something fake in the lake and it looked like it was having trouble. She knew she had to rescue it. The little girl was brave and she quickly put on her life jacket, and then she jumped into the lake to save the thing. When she got closer, she realise that it was a fake duck! She pulled it out of the lake, and it was so happy to be free. The little girl was so proud of her rescue. She took the fake duck home, and now, it lives happily with her family. They call him Ducky and he loves to swim in the bathtub. The little girl was so happy to have saved the fake ducks life. She fell in love with her rescue and she would never forget her adventure.Once upon a time, there was a rabbit. The rabbit was hopping around the forest, searching for something delicious and yummy to eat. Then, the rabbit saw something glittery, shiny, and blue it was a jet! The rabbit was so excited and could not wait to taste the jet. But, when the rabbit got close to the jet, it quickly noticed that the jet was dead. The rabbit was so sad and disappointed. The moral of this story is that we should only try to taste things that look alive. Sometimes, what we first notice might not be what we were expecting. So, be careful about what you decide to taste!Once there were two friends, Jodie and Tommy. Jodie was persistent and Tommy was patient. They wanted to find a diamond. So they went looking together. Lets number the trees, said Jodie. That way when we find a diamond, we can remember which tree to look at again! So they started numbering the trees, one, two, three and more. Then they saw it! A beautiful diamond was shining in the dirt beneath tree number seven. We found it! Jodie exclaimed. They both picked it up and admired the brilliant diamond. After that, they decided to put diamond number seven in a special place and never forget the tree where it was found.Once upon a time, there was a mama who wanted to bake something special for her kids. She looked in the cupboard for some ingredients but all she had was flour, sugar and eggs. So, mama decided to order some chocolate from the store. The chocolate arrived quickly and she was excited to start baking. Mama mixed up the ingredients and put the cookie dough in the oven. She sang a happy song while the cookies were baking. The cookies werent ready yet when the doorbell rang. It was the mail carrier with a package. Mama opened it up and found a broken toy inside. She was sad, but she still had the cookies to cheer her up. Finally, the cookies were done. Mama shared them with her family and everyone was happy. The cookies tasted delicious and it was the perfect ending to a fun day of baking!Once, there was a very brave girl. Her name was Anna. One day, Anna was walking in the dark woods and she suddenly saw a golden box. She opened it and found a magical Power inside. When Anna used the Power, she started to win every game she played. She was very grateful for her special Power. At night, Anna was afraid of the dark. But then she remembered her magical Power and felt brave again. She could use the Power to win any challenge and it made her feel safe. Whenever Anna faced something dark and scary, she knew she had the Power to win. She was so grateful to have this special Power and it made her even stronger. And, with her Power, Anna was able to conquer any fear and keep on winning!Once there was a girl called Sally. She was three years old. She had lots of stuff. She had a teddy bear and a blanket and lots of blocks. She even had a bowl with lots of buttons in it. One day Sally went to play with her stuff on the lawn in her garden. The grass was very pale in the sunshine. Sally looked around and started collecting her stuff. She had a big pile of it when she was done. Then Sally decided to make something special. She placed all her stuff in a row and made a pale line. She was so proud of it. She had made something wonderful out of all the stuff she had.Once there was an animal who was very brave. He enjoyed wandering around the forest looking for adventure. One day he came across another animal who was also exploring. They quickly became friends and started to look for new places and things together. One day, they had a disagreement. The brave animal wanted to take a path that was filled with danger, while the other animal was worried they would get hurt if they took this route. They argued back and forth, but neither of them wanted to give in. Finally, the brave animal said, Lets find another way! Im sure we can find a path even more exciting! After he said this, the other animal smiled, and they continued on. They found a wonderful new spot, and were very glad they decided to disagree and find another route.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tom. He lived in a small house near a mysterious green cactus. Tom loved to play with his ball outside. One sunny day, Tom went outside to play with his ball. He decided to throw the ball as far as he could. As he threw the ball, it flew high in the sky and landed near the mysterious cactus. Tom went to get his ball, but he was scared of the cactus. He called out to his friend, Sam. Sam, can you help me get my ball? Sam came over and saw the ball near the cactus. He was brave and picked up the ball. Thank you, Sam! Tom said with a big smile. They played together, throwing the ball far away from the mysterious cactus. They had lots of fun and played until the sun went down.Ben and Mia were playing in the park. They liked to run, slide and swing. They saw a big tree with many colors. It had green, yellow, red and brown leaves. They ran to the tree and looked at it. Wow, this tree is so pretty! Mia said. I like the colors. They are different from the other trees. Yes, they are, Ben said. The tree is changing. It is getting ready for winter. Soon, the leaves will fall and the tree will have no colors. Will the tree be sad? Mia asked. No, the tree will not be sad, Ben said. The tree will rest and wait for spring. Then, it will grow new leaves and flowers. The tree is strong and brave. Ben and Mia admired the tree. They wanted to be like the tree. They picked some leaves and made a strip of them. They put the strip around their heads like a crown. Look, we are the king and the queen of the park! Ben said. We are! Mia said. And we are different and beautiful, like the tree! They laughed and played with their crowns. They felt happy and proud. They loved the tree and each other.Once upon a time, there was a giant. He was so big that he filled up the entire sky. All the people who lived nearby were fascinated by the giant, and they wanted to see him up close. One day, a brave boy named Jimmy decided to take a closer look. He put on his raincoat and boots so he wouldnt get wet, and he headed towards the giant. When Jimmy got there, he examined the giant very carefully. He looked at the huge feet, and he touched the enormous hands. Jimmy was amazed by how big and strong the giant was! Suddenly, it started raining. Jimmys raincoat and boots kept him dry, but the giant wasnt so lucky. As the rain soaked him, the giant began to shrink until he was tiny enough to fit in Jimmys pocket. Jimmy couldnt believe it! He examined the tiny giant in his hand, then put him back in his pocket and ran home. Jimmy had seen an amazing thing that day â a wet giant that could fit in his pocket.Once upon a time, there was a poor girl. She was very sad. Everywhere she looked she saw people happy, but she was not. She was so sad that she decided to take a drink from a pond. She did not know that the pond was poisoned. After she drank from the pond, she became sick. The poor girl was very afraid, but then a kind lady came along. She brought her food and showed her how to relax. She taught her special breathing and stretching exercises. The girl followed the kind ladys instructions and soon she felt better. She had the energy to get up and she was no longer sad. From then on, the poor girl was happy and she learned how to relax so she could stay healthy and safe.Once upon a time, there was a princess named Lily. She had a pretty dress that was pink and sparkly. One day, she met a prince named Jack. He had a big smile and a shiny sword. Hello, Lily, said Jack. Will you marry me? Lily blushed and said, Yes, I will marry you, Jack! But then, the king said, Jack, you need a passport to marry my daughter. Go get one from the dark forest. So, Jack went to the dark forest and found a passport. He brought it back to the king and he and Lily got married. They lived happily ever after.One day, a girl named Sarah decided to go for a jog in the park. Her mom and dad said she had to stay on the path. Sarah was excited to go for a jog, so she started running. With each step, she could feel her lungs working hard. She hadnt gone very far when she saw something strange. It looked like a person, but it was fake! It was made of plastic. Sarah was scared and turned around to go back. When she got back to the path, she started to slow down until she was back to her original jogging speed. Sarah thought it was funny that she had seen something so fake during her jog. She was glad that she hadnt gone too far off the path. From then on, she always stayed on the path when she went jogging.Once there was a princess who was very polite. Everywhere she went she said police words and was very kind to everyone. One day, she went out to look at the stars and spotted a comet in the night sky. She wished that she could be like the comet and go on all kinds of adventures in the sky. To her surprise, the comet suddenly flew down and came right to the Princess. The comet spoke to the Princess and told her that she could become a part of the comet and experience all of the adventures she wished for. The Princess was so excited and accepted the offer. She became a part of the comet and went on many adventures in the night sky, exploring different worlds and galaxies. The Princess had so much fun exploring and learning about all the wonderful things in space. Everywhere she went, she was polite, kind, and thoughtful to everyone she met. Her travels atop the comet were a memorable experience for the princess.Once upon a time there was a beautiful dragon. He lived in a magical forest, and very rarely did people ever come by. One day, a little girl named Susie was exploring the forest. She stumbled upon the dragon, who was sleeping in a cave. Susie was so curious that she decided to talk to the dragon. She spoke softly, âœExcuse me, Mr. Dragon.â The dragon slowly opened his eyes and responded, âœWhat do you want?â Susie thought for a bit, and then answered, âœI want to store something special in your cave. Could I do that?â The dragon laughed, âœOh, sure. Go ahead and store anything you want!â So Susie went to the nearby meadow and gathered some pretty flowers. She brought them back to the dragonâs cave and carefully stored them. The dragon watched her carefully and smiled. After Susie finished storing the flowers, she said goodbye to the dragon and thanked him. He simply replied with a kind nod. Susie was so glad that she got to store something special in the dragonâs cave. She was sure she would always remember how beautiful the dragon looked that day.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy was very sleepy and wanted to take a nap. He went to his room and lay down on his bed. He closed his eyes and started to dream. Suddenly, he heard a noise coming from his cooler. He opened his eyes and saw that the cooler was making a loud sound. He got up from his bed and went to check on it. He saw that the cooler was broken and needed to be fixed. Timmys dad came to help him fix the cooler. They worked together and fixed it. Timmy was very happy and went back to his bed to take a nap. He closed his eyes and fell asleep, feeling cool and comfortable with his fixed cooler.Jack liked to play in the field. Every day he would go out to look for something exciting and fun. One day he noticed a small, humble razor on the ground. He picked it up and decided to take it home. Jack asked his mom why he found a razor in the field. She said, That must have come from Tom. Tom lives nearby and hes really good at finding things. Hell come by later and show you some of his other discoveries. Meanwhile, Jack was really excited to meet Tom and to see what else he had found. When Tom arrived, he brought with him a big bag of items. He showed Jack all the things inside. Jack was so amazed, he could hardly believe his eyes. Once the show and tell was over, Tom thanked Jack for the razor and waved goodbye. As the sun began to set, Jack ran home with a smile on his face. He was sure happy to have made a new friend, and to have seen such incredible things.Once upon a time, there was a rich man who lived in a big house. Every day, he took his axe outside and chopped wood for his fire. He was working hard one day when something strange happened. Suddenly, the axe flew out of his hand, spun around in the air, and then reversed direction and flew back into his hand! The man was very surprised, but he picked up the axe again and continued chopping. Then, it happened again! This time, the axe spun so fast that it turned into a blur. The man was amazed and called out for help. A magical fairy appeared, and she said, âœI will help you. Put your axe on the ground and stand back.â So, the man did as he was told. The fairy waved her wand and said a magic spell. Then, the axe reversed direction one more time and flew across the field. It landed safely in a tree. The man was very thankful, and he thanked the fairy for her help. The fairy said, âœYou are a very lucky man to be so rich. I hope this experience has taught you the power of reverse!Once upon a time, there was a little boy called Jordan. Jordan had very long hair and his Mum wanted to give him a little haircut. So, one Saturday morning, they went to the hairdresser. The hairdresser supplied Jordan with a big cape to wear. Then, she brushed his hair and snipped away at it with the scissors. Jordan quite enjoyed the feeling of the brush in his hair. After a few minutes, the haircut was finished. Jordans Mum smiled when she saw the finished look. She said that Jordan was the most handsome boy she had ever seen. She gave Jordan a big hug and a kiss. Once they got home, Mum put a big mirror in front of Jordan. He looked in the mirror and was very happy with his little haircut. He knew he looked smart and he knew others would think so too.Once upon a time there was a small girl named Daisy. She was three years old and always had a big smile on her face. One day, Daisy was playing in her backyard when she noticed something old and brown near the tree. It was a small leather bag. She pointed to it and shouted with excitement. Daisy ran towards the bag and tried to open it but it was stuck. Daisy started to cry as she was not able to open the bag. She felt so helpless. Suddenly there was a loud thud and the old bag opened. It was full of colorful toys and sweets! Daisys eyes were wide with excitement. She quickly took out her favorite item a small teddy bear. But then she saw something in the corner which made her sad. It was a very old and broken doll. Daisy felt a little bad for the broken doll. She carefully took it out and pointed her finger towards her own teddy bear. She smiled and said We can fix you and ran off towards the house to get some glue.Once upon a time there was a little girl who wanted to buy something special. She went to the store and saw a box that had sand in it. It was so special! She asked the store Cat if she could buy it. The Cat said that the sand was very fragile and needed to be taken care of. The little girl said she would take great care of it and would be very careful. So the Cat gave her the sand and the little girl took it home. At home, the little girl put the sand in a special place and took great care of it. When she was finished playing with the sand she always put it back in the special place and made sure to pick it up carefully. The little girl had many happy days with her sand. She spent lots of time gently playing with it, knowing that it was fragile. And the sand was a reminder of a special time at the store.There was a little bunny named Benny. Benny loved to race around the garden with his friends. One day, it was very hot outside and Benny felt very tired. He decided to take a break under a big tree. Suddenly, Benny heard a loud noise. It was a scary monster! Benny was so scared that he started to cry. But then, his mommy came and hugged him tight. She said, Dont worry, Benny. Im here to comfort you. Benny felt better and he decided to race away from the monster. But as he was running, he tripped and fell. He hurt his leg very badly and couldnt walk anymore. Bennys mommy took him to the doctor, but it was too late. Benny couldnt race anymore and he felt very sad. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to eat beans, especially the green ones. One day, her mom brought home a bag of beans from the store. Lily was so excited and couldnt wait to eat them. But when she opened the bag, she saw a spider crawling on one of the beans. She got scared and didnt want to eat them anymore. Her mom told her not to be scared and that the spider was just trying to act like a friend. Lily realized that she shouldnt judge things based on their appearance and that sometimes things that scare us can actually be good for us. From that day on, she ate her beans without fear and even made a new friend in the spider. The end.Timmy was so excited. His mommy had said he could pick out whatever he wanted at the store. So he followed her around as she put things in her cart. He looked at all the toys and so many things he wanted to buy. Suddenly he saw something that caught his eye a bright red tray. He was so excited and couldnt wait to get it! He asked his mom, Can I buy it? His mom smiled and said, Yes, you can buy it. But its harmless, so be careful! So with a big smile, Timmy got the tray. He hugged it tight and that night, he showed it to all his friends. Everyone agreed the tray was fun and harmless. Timmys mom was happy too she was glad that Timmy was able to buy something he was so excited about. The EndOnce there was a bee called Buzz who was very curious. One day, he decided to see what honey tasted like. He flew around looking for some and eventually found a jar of honey. He tried to open it, but it was too hard for him and he couldnt do it. Just then, a friendly bear called Bear walked past and saw Buzz trying to open the jar of honey. Bear said to Buzz, Let me help you open that jar, my little bee friend. Bear picked up the jar, used his strong arms to open it and offered some of the honey to Buzz. Would you like some honey, Buzz? Bear asked. Buzz was so excited and he eagerly said yes. He tasted the honey and it was so sweet and delicious. Thank you Bear! Buzz thanked him. Bear smiled and replied, Youre very welcome, my curious bee friend!Once upon a time, there was a young boy named Timmy. He was very brave and loved to play outside. One day, Timmy saw a bird with a broken wing. He felt sad for the bird and wanted to help it. Timmy went to his mom and said, Mommy, I hope we can help the bird with the broken wing. His mom replied, Lets take the bird to the vet, they can help it. So, Timmy and his mom took the bird to the vet. The vet said, You are a brave young boy for helping this bird. We will fix its wing and it will be able to fly again. Timmy was happy that he could help the bird and he felt proud of himself for being brave. The bird was grateful to Timmy and flew away happily. From that day on, Timmy knew that helping others made him feel good inside.Once upon a time, there was a little boat named Bobo. Bobo lived in a harbor. He liked to play with his friends, the fish and the birds. One day, it was very icy in the harbor. Bobo and his friends were cold. They wanted to find a warm place to play. They saw a big cave near the water. Lets go inside, said Bobo. The fish and the birds agreed. In the cave, it was dark and quiet. Suddenly, they heard a loud noise. It scared Bobo and his friends. They swam and flew fast out of the cave. They were happy to be back in the icy harbor. They all laughed and played together, even if it was cold. They knew they were safe at home.Once upon a time, there was an elderly man. He was alone in his house. One day the telephone started to ring. The elderly man was scared. He slowly walked towards the telephone and picked it up. It was his friend who wanted to meet him for a cup of tea. The elderly man put on his coat and went outside. When he arrived at his friends house, he saw a big cup on the table. The cup was filled with steaming tea. The elderly man was so happy. He slowly sipped on his cup of tea and chatted with his friend. As the day came to an end the elderly man said goodbye to his friend. He picked up the cup and brought it back home. Every time the elderly man had tea, he remembered the nice time he had that day. He smiled and looked forward to the next time he could have a cup of tea with his best friend.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in her backyard. Her backyard had a big green fence that surrounded it. One day, Lily was playing with her ball when it accidentally went over the fence. Lily said, Oh no! My ball is stuck outside the fence. What should I do? Just then, her mom came outside and saw the ball. Dont worry, Lily. We can get your ball back. Lets twist the fence open a little bit so we can reach it. Lilys mom twisted the fence open and Lily was able to grab her ball. She was so happy and said, Thank you, Mommy. Youre the best! From that day on, Lily made sure to be careful when playing with her ball near the fence.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to help her mommy in the kitchen. One day, her mommy asked her to prepare some cookies for their guests. Lily was very excited and started to mix all the ingredients together. She made a big mess but her mommy helped her clean up. After they were done, they put the cookies in the oven to bake. While waiting for the cookies to bake, Lily and her mommy decided to go for a walk. They came across an ugly frog who was trying to cross the road. Lilys mommy picked up the frog and carried it to the other side of the road. Lily asked her mommy, Why did you help the ugly frog? Her mommy replied, We should always help others, no matter how they look. When they got back home, the cookies were ready and they all enjoyed them together with their guests.Once upon a time, there was a little girl called Lucy. She had big, bright dreams. Every night she would dream of wonderful things, like castles and fairy queens. One day, Lucy saw a big, yellow butterfly. It was so pretty and it flew so gracefully through the sunshine. This made Lucy have a big dream to fly like the butterfly! Lucy became very creative. She tried lots of ways to make her dream come true. She used a broom, some washing line and even a wooden box. Nothing worked though. Just when Lucy was about to give up, an old man gave her some wise advice. He said, Lucy, sometimes dreams dont come true in the way we think. But if you use your creative ideas and keep trying, you might find your dreams come true in different ways! Lucy was so happy to hear this. She said thank you and never stopped believing in her dreams. She never stopped being creative, and eventually her dream came true in her own special way! The moral of the story is that with courage and creativity, you can make your dreams come true!Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim liked to go for a walk every day. One day, while on his walk, he met a big cat. The cat was very sad. Tim asked, Why are you sad, big cat? The cat said, I am sad because I cant change. I want to be a fair cat, but I am not. Tim thought for a moment and said, I can help you change. Lets go on a walk together and we can find a way to make you a fair cat. So, Tim and the big cat went on a walk together. They talked and laughed as they walked. The more they walked, the happier the cat became. Soon, the cat did not feel so sad anymore. At the end of their walk, the cat said, Thank you, Tim, for helping me change. Now, I am a fair cat because I am happy and kind. Tim smiled and said, Youre welcome, big cat. Lets go on a walk together again soon.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Sue. Sue loved to draw with her pen. One day, Sue was careless and her pen fell on the floor. Sue looked for her pen, but she could not find it. She was sad because she wanted to draw a big sun and a happy tree. Sue asked her mom to help her look for the pen. Mom and Sue looked everywhere. They looked under the bed, behind the chair, and in the toy box. At last, they found the pen under the table. Sue was so happy! She hugged her mom and said thank you. Then, she drew the big sun and the happy tree with her pen. Sue learned to be more careful with her things.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a furry cat named Mittens. One day, Lily and Mittens went on an adventure to find a wide open field to play in. They ran and played in the field, but then Mittens wanted to play hide and seek. Lily said, Okay, Mittens, I will hide and you seek! Mittens closed his eyes and counted to ten while Lily found a hiding spot behind a big tree. Mittens looked and looked, but he couldnt find Lily. Mittens, where are you? Lily called out. Mittens heard her voice and ran over to the tree. He found Lily and they both laughed and hugged each other. I love playing with you, Mittens, Lily said. Lets play again tomorrow! And Mittens purred in agreement as they walked back home together.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a furry teddy bear named Teddy. One day, Lily and Teddy went on an adventure in the forest. They walked and walked until they found a big hook on the ground. Lily asked Teddy, What is this? Teddy replied, Its a hook. Its used to catch fish. Lily was curious and asked, Can we catch fish with it? Teddy said, No, we cant. Lets return it to the river so no one gets hurt. So, they picked up the hook and returned it to the river. They felt happy that they did the right thing and continued their adventure in the forest.Mum and Dad took baby to the yard. It was sunny and the grass was soft. Its time for us to find something to do, said Mum. Dad said, Lets spend some time in the yard! Baby clapped and smiled. He loved the yard. Mum and Dad played with Baby, throwing a ball to each other. Baby was so happy. But then it started to rain. It was so hard and it felt so bitter. We dont want to get too wet. Lets go inside, said Mum. Baby was sad. He wanted to stay in the yard. Mum put her arms around him and said, Dont worry. We can come back tomorrow and spend some more time in the yard. Baby smiled and said, Ok, lets go home now. Mum and Dad took baby back home, and they all talked about how much fun they were going to have the next time they came to the yard.Anna and Ben are friends. They like to play outside on the lawn. They run, jump, and roll on the green grass. They enjoy the sun and the breeze. One day, Annas mom brings them a snack. She gives them some crackers and cheese. She says, Here you go, kids. Enjoy your snack. But be careful, the cheese is spicy. It might make your mouth hot. Anna and Ben thank Annas mom. They take a bite of the cheese. Anna likes it. She says, Mmm, this cheese is yummy. I like spicy food. It makes me feel warm and happy. Ben does not like it. He says, Ow, this cheese is ouchy. I dont like spicy food. It makes me feel bad and sad. He spits out the cheese and drinks some water. Anna and Ben look at each other. They smile. They say, Its okay. We are still friends. We like different things. Thats what makes us special. They hug and go back to playing on the lawn. They enjoy their time together.Lily and Ben are friends. They like to play in the park. They have a big tire that they roll on the grass. They take turns to push the tire and run after it. One day, they have a race with the tire. They want to see who can roll the tire faster and farther. Lily says, I will win. I am strong and fast. Ben says, No, I will win. I am smart and clever. They start the race. They push the tire as hard as they can. The tire goes very fast. Lily and Ben run after it. They laugh and shout. But then, the tire hits a rock. The tire bounces off the rock and rolls away. Lily and Ben try to catch it, but they cant. The tire rolls out of the park and into the street. Lily and Ben stop. They are scared. The street has cars and trucks. The cars and trucks are loud and big. They can hurt the tire. They can hurt Lily and Ben. They look at each other. They are sad. They dont care about the race anymore. They just want their tire back. They see a man on the other side of the street. He has a hat and a beard. He sees the tire. He picks it up. He smiles and waves at Lily and Ben. He is a wise man. He knows the tire is not his. He knows the tire belongs to Lily and Ben. He waits for the cars and trucks to stop. He crosses the street. He gives the tire to Lily and Ben. Lily and Ben are happy. They hug the man. They say, Thank you, thank you, thank you. The man says, Youre welcome, youre welcome, youre welcome. Be careful with your tire. Dont let it roll into the street again. Lily and Ben nod. They are sorry. They learned a lesson. They say, We will be careful. We will not race with the tire again. We will share the tire and play nicely. The man says, Thats good. Thats wise. Have fun with your tire and your friend. He leaves. Lily and Ben look at each other. They smile. They are friends. They have their tire. They are happy. They dont care who wins. They both win.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lily. She had a big bookcase in her room. One day, the bookcase broke and all the books fell down. Lily was sad because she liked her bookcase. Her dad came into the room and saw the mess. He said, Dont worry, Lily, I will fix it. He got his tools and started to work. It took him a long time, but finally, he fixed the bookcase. Lily was happy because her bookcase was unique. It had different colors and shapes on it. She put all her books back on the bookcase and it looked perfect again. She thanked her dad for fixing it and hugged him.Once upon a time, there was a bubbly three year old named Bill. He had a very cool toy car. One day, Bill decided to take it for a ride. As he drove around the garden, Bill noticed a cookie. He had never seen one before. He stopped the car and jumped out. With curiosity and excitement, he asked his parents, What is this cool cookie? His mother smiled and told him, Its a special treat made with lots of love. Go ahead and try it! Bill, still wideeyed with wonder, took a big bite. The taste was delicious, like a million tiny pieces of sunshine! With a big smile, he ran around the garden with his car, delighted in his new discovery.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lucy. She had an attractive toy car that she loved to play with. It was shiny and red. Lucy liked to drive it around her room and make it go very fast. One day, Lucys friend, Tim, came over to play. He saw the attractive toy car and wanted to play with it too. Lucy thought about it and decided to share her toy car with Tim. They took turns driving the car around the room, making it go fast and having lots of fun together. While they were playing, the toy car had a little wreck. It hit the wall and lost a wheel. Lucy and Tim were sad, but they worked together to fix the car. They found a new wheel and put it on the car. It was as good as new! Lucy said, Im glad we shared my car, even though it had a wreck. We fixed it together and had fun! Tim agreed and said, Sharing is fun, and its good to help each other when things go wrong. The moral of the story is that sharing is a good thing to do, and its important to help each other when things go wrong.Once upon a time, there was a very adorable little girl who wanted to go to the beach. Her mom said, âœYes, you can go to the beach, but you must stay close to me.â At the beach, the little girl wanted to dive. She loved the feeling of the water on her skin. She asked her mom, âœWill you dive with me?â Her mom said, âœI need to stay here to watch you, but you can dive!â The little girl was happy and she started to dive in the shallow water. She played and laughed, and then suddenly she saw something at the bottom. It was a beautiful shell! She held it up, and most importantly, didnât forget to thank her mom. The moral of this story is that it is important to listen to our parents, so that we donât miss out on the beautiful things life has to offer. As a dessert, the family had ice cream and giggled together about the fun day they had at the beach.Once upon a time, there was a little boy who loved to read books. One day, he was reading his favorite story when he heard a knock at the door. He went to answer it and found a stranger there. The little boy was a bit scared but the stranger was very friendly and smiled. The stranger asked him if he wanted to hear a story and the little boy was so excited that he nodded eagerly. The stranger started to read a story about a magical dragon and soon, the little boy was completely entranced. He dozed off to sleep with his chin resting on his chest as the friendly stranger went on. When the story was finally finished, the friendly stranger kissed the little boy on the forehead and left. The little boy loved his new story, and he never forgot the friendly stranger who had read it to him. And wherever the stranger was, the magical dragon was thought of too.One day, Tom and Sally went for a walk. Tom saw something sparkly on the ground. He went over to mark it. Sally asked, What is it? Tom replied, I do not know. Lets see how much weight it has. They picked the sparkly thing up. It felt quite heavy. Sally said, I think it is the key to something! Tom was alert and quickly looked around but he did not spot anything. They put the key in Toms pocket. They walked away and suddenly noticed a chest. It was standing there, all alone. They were excited and ran over. Tom took the key out and opened the chest. Inside, they found some candy and a funny toy! They were so happy and quickly thanked the key for leading them to this surprise.Once upon a time, there was a bee. He flew around looking for a place to live. He found a big open field and flew around it until he found the perfect spot. He started to build a nest, but it was not easy. One day, he saw a little hole in the ground. It was a nice hole, so he decided to bury his nest inside. He started to bury the nest and worked very hard. When he was done, the nest was deep in the ground. The bee was so happy. He flew around the open field, looking for flowers to eat. He was happy and safe in his nest. The bee lived in its nest for a long time. It was always warm and cozy there. One day, however, the bee died. So the bees friends buried him underneath the open field too. He was next to his nest, so he was happy forever after. Thats the end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to eat avocados, but her brother, Max, thought they were disgusting. One day, Lily was eating an avocado when Max came into the room and said, Ew, that looks disgusting! Why do you like it? Lily replied, I think its yummy! You should try it. Max shook his head and said, No way, I dont want to eat that gross thing. Suddenly, Lily had an idea. She said, Lets play a game. Well reverse roles and you can be me and Ill be you. That means you have to eat the avocado and Ill eat something you like. Max thought about it for a moment and finally agreed. He took a bite of the avocado and was surprised to find that he actually liked it. Lily smiled and said, See, I told you it was yummy! From that day on, Max started eating avocados too, and they both enjoyed trying new foods together.Once upon a time, in a small town, there was a big, dirty tornado. It was so filthy, it made everything it touched dirty too. The people in the town were not happy. One day, a brave girl named Lily decided to stop the tornado. She took a big glove and went outside. She saw the tornado coming closer and closer. Lily was scared, but she knew she had to be brave. As the tornado came near, Lily raised her hand and slapped it with her big glove. The tornado was so surprised that it stopped spinning. The town was safe, and the people cheered for Lily. They all worked together to clean up the mess the tornado had made, and the town was beautiful once again.One day, a young girl named Claire was walking in the park. She saw a wish tree shining in the sun. It had many sparkling leaves, each one holding a wish. Claire thought hard about what her wish might be. Finally, she decided to choose one. She looked around at all the wish leaves. One of them was pale, like the sunlight that sparkled off of all the others. Claire smiled as she plucked it off the tree. What did you choose? asked a friendly voice behind her. Claire turned around and saw an older woman. Claire explained that shed chosen the pale wish leaf. Ah, a wise choice! Not all the wishes will come true, but you never know, said the woman. She winked at Claire before walking away. Claire smiled and looked back at the tree. She tucked her wish leaf into her pocket and made a secret wish. She smiled and skipped home, confident that her wish would come true.Once there was a girl named Joy. She was three years old and very happy. Her family and friends loved her very much. One day, Joy and her family went to a park together. Joy ran around and had lots of fun. She saw many people playing different sports, like baseball, soccer and basketball. Joy smiled as she watched them. She asked her father, âœCan I have a sport to play too?â Her father smiled and said, âœOf course, Joy. What sport do you want?â Joy thought for a moment and said, âœI want a soccer ball.â Her father gave her a big, shiny, new soccer ball. He said, âœThatâs for you. Go have fun with it.â Joy thanked her father with a big hug and ran off with her ball. She found a group of older kids playing soccer. They were a little scared when they saw how small she was, but they were also very compassionate. They welcomed her and helped her learn the game. Joy and the older kids played soccer together all afternoon, with lots of laughter and joy. In the end, Joy had learned a new sport and made many new friends.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She went to the store with her mommy. Lily saw a toy she really wanted, but her mommy said no. Lily was very stubborn and kept asking for the toy. Finally, her mommy said, Lily, I already told you no. You need to listen to me. Lily didnt want to listen and started to cry. A kind lady saw Lily crying and asked her what was wrong. Lily spoke through her tears and said, I want that toy, but mommy wont let me have it. The kind lady smiled and said, Sometimes we cant get everything we want. But I know a fun game we can play together! Lilys eyes lit up and she forgot about the toy. She was happy to make a new friend.Lily was sleepy. She wanted to go to bed, but she had to brush her teeth first. She went to the bathroom and saw her big brother, Tom, in front of the mirror. He was wearing a nice shirt and a tie. Tom, can you help me? Lily asked. I dont know how to brush my teeth. Sure, Lily, I can help you, Tom said. He smiled and put down his comb. He picked up Lilys toothbrush and toothpaste. He showed her how to squeeze a little bit of toothpaste on the brush and how to scrub her teeth gently. Like this, Lily. Up and down, and side to side. Dont forget the back teeth and the tongue, Tom said. Lily followed Toms instructions. She brushed her teeth until they were shiny and clean. She spat out the toothpaste and rinsed her mouth with water. Good job, Lily. You did it! Tom said. He gave her a hug and a kiss. Now, lets go to your room and tuck you in. Lily nodded. She was very sleepy. She yawned and rubbed her eyes. She took Toms hand and walked to her room. Tom helped her put on her pajamas and get into her bed. He pulled the blanket over her and tucked it under her chin. Good night, Lily. I love you, Tom said. Good night, Tom. I love you too, Lily said. She smiled and closed her eyes. She felt warm and cozy. She was happy that Tom helped her. Tom turned off the light and left the room. He went back to the bathroom and finished fixing his tie. He was going to a party with his friends. He was excited, but he also felt proud of his little sister. He was happy that he helped her.Lily and Ben were playing in the park. They saw a big seesaw and ran to it. Lily climbed on one end and Ben on the other. They tried to balance the seesaw, but it was hard. Lily was lighter than Ben, so she went up and he went down. Ben, you are too heavy! Lily shouted. No, you are too light! Ben shouted back. They pushed and pulled the seesaw, but it did not move much. They got bored and decided to look for something else to play with. They saw a lady sitting on a bench. She had a bottle in her hand. She sprayed some liquid on her neck and smiled. It smelled nice. Lily and Ben were curious. They walked to the lady and said hello. Hello, children. What are you doing? the lady asked. We were playing with the seesaw, but it was dull. What is that in your hand? Lily asked. This is perfume. It makes me smell good. Do you want to try some? the lady offered. Yes, please! Lily and Ben said. The lady sprayed some perfume on their wrists and told them to sniff. They liked the smell. It was sweet and flowery. Thank you, lady. You are very kind. We like your perfume. Can we play with you? Lily and Ben asked. Of course, you can. I was feeling lonely. Lets play a game. How about we pretend to be animals? the lady suggested. Okay, that sounds fun. What animal do you want to be? Lily and Ben asked. The lady thought for a moment and said, I want to be a bird. I can fly and sing. What about you? Lily and Ben thought too and said, We want to be monkeys. We can climb and swing. They all laughed and started to act like their chosen animals. They had a lot of fun and forgot about the seesaw. They made a new friend and learned a new word. They were happy.Mary was a very adventurous girl. She loved going on adventures and exploring the world. One day, Mary was walking around in the forest when she spotted a magical talking fork! Mary was so excited! She ran over and picked up the fork. Mary Hello fork! Where did you come from? Fork Im from a magical land full of adventure. Would you like to come and visit me? Mary was excited. She decided to visit the magical land of adventure. She said goodbye to the fork and started her journey. When she arrived, she saw all sorts of exciting things. She explored the magical land and had loads of fun. She found some new friends and together they talked about their adventures. She had so much fun she stayed in the magical land overnight. The next day, Mary said goodbye to her new friends and thanked the fork for showing her this amazing adventure. She hugged the fork and waved goodbye as she headed home. From that day on, Mary was always adventurous and ready for her next amazing adventure!One day, little David was playing in the garden with his father. He saw a pretty rope that his father had left there. He asked his father, âœWhat is this rope for?â His father replied, âœIt is to pinch the leaves off of the trees.â Little David was curious and asked, âœCan I try?â His father answered, âœSure, my little one.â David grabbed the pretty rope, and he started pinching the leaves off of the trees. His father smiled and said, âœYou are doing a great job!â David was so proud and happy to be helping his father. He felt like a big boy! He kept pinching until all of the leaves were gone. Then he said to his father, âœThank you for letting me help.â His father smiled and said, âœYou did a great job, my little one.âOne day, Alex had some stupid luggage to wash. He took it outside and filled a tub with water. He used some soap to get it clean. Alex scrubbed and scrubbed until the luggage was nice and shiny. He was so proud of his work. Next, he put the clean luggage in the sun to dry. He sat and watched it, but it was taking a long time. He played in the garden until it was done. Finally, the luggage was dry. Alex put it away, feeling accomplished. He was so happy he had washed it all!Once upon a time there was a little girl who lived in a big city far away. Every day she would go out and play with her friends. One day, while they were playing, a big earthquake shook the city! It was very hard and it made the ground shake and the buildings rattle. The little girl was very scared. Suddenly, her friends all disappeared! She thought maybe they had gone home, but when she called them, nobody answered. She looked everywhere but she couldnt find them. After the earthquake, the little girl was all alone. She was so scared, she started to cry. But then, much to her relief, her friends suddenly reappeared! They had been hiding because they were scared too. The little girl and her friends were glad that they were all safe and together. They hugged each other and promised never to disappear like that again. The earthquake had made them feel so small and helpless, but together they were strong.Once upon a time there was a little girl called Penny. She wanted to find a friend to play with. So she moved around the garden, looking and searching. Suddenly, she saw a small, soft creature in the corner of the garden. It had big ears and whiskers. Penny wondered what it was. She moved closer and to her surprise, it was a little bunny. The bunny hopped around, happy to see Penny. She was so excited to have a new friend. Penny reached out and gently touched its soft fur. She was delighted. The two friends spent all afternoon playing together. They hopped and skipped and tickled each other. Penny couldnât believe her luck. She had found a soft, new friend to play with.Once upon a time, there was a little plane named Tom. Tom was ready for his first flight. He was so excited to explore the skies. Toms Mum was a big plane and she watched as Tom struggled to take off. Tom flew up and down, trying to get the height he needed. He was getting frustrated and was almost ready to give up. Just keep trying, Tom, mum plane said. You can do it! Tom kept trying and finally he soared up into the sky. He was so happy and excited. Mum plane was beaming with pride. Tom flew higher and higher in the sky, with a smile on his face. He did it he had struggled and overcame his challenge!Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy was very restless and always wanted to play. One day, Timmy went to the park with his mommy. He saw a slide and wanted to go down it. Mommy, can I go down the slide? Timmy asked. Sure, but be careful and hold on tight, Mommy replied. Timmy climbed up the ladder and slid down the slide. He felt so happy and wanted to do it again. But this time, he wanted to hold his favorite toy, a teddy bear. As he went down the slide, he held on tight to his teddy bear and felt safe. After playing on the slide, Timmy and his mommy rested on a bench. Timmy hugged his teddy bear and said, I love you, teddy bear. I love you too, Timmy, Mommy replied with a smile.Sam was a very tired little boy. He had been playing outside all day. When it came time to go home, Sam started to cry. His mommy saw him and said, Dont worry. I have something special for you at home. Sam stopped crying and was so excited. When they arrived at home mommy made him his favorite sandwich and gave it to him. Sam gobbled it up and was very happy. Mommies special surprise turned out to be something even better than a sandwich an extra hour of playtime at the playground! Sam was so thrilled, he squealed with delight and hugged his mommy. Just like she promised, Sam was no longer tired and had plenty of energy to play at the playground.Once upon a time, there was a generous mommy who had a big automobile. One day, she was going to take a drive. She asked her 3 year old daughter, who was in the back seat of the car, if she wanted to come along. Her daughter said yes, and mommy drove away. After a while, they arrived at a nearby park. The sun was shining and it was a nice day. Mommy and her daughter walked around the park, examining all the plants and the colorful flowers. The little girl was happy and they laughed a lot together. Suddenly, they heard a noise. It was a car, but it was different than their car. It was bigger and had different colors. Mommy, what kind of car is that? asked the little girl. Mommy smiled and said, A bus! The bus is here to take us home! The little girl smiled, excited to go home. Mommy said goodbye to the kind driver, and soon they arrived home, safe and sound. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to bake cakes with his mommy. They would use a big mixer to mix the flour and sugar together. Timmy loved to help his mommy mix the batter. One day, Timmys mommy had to go to the store. She told Timmy not to touch the mixer while she was gone. But Timmy didnt listen. He started to play with the mixer and accidentally turned it on. The batter flew everywhere and made a big mess. When Timmys mommy came back, she saw the mess and felt very ashamed. She told Timmy that he should have listened to her. Timmy felt bad and said sorry. In the end, Timmy and his mommy had to clean up the mess and didnt get to eat any cake. Timmy learned to always listen to his mommy and not to play with the mixer.Anna and Ben were playing in the snow. They made a big snowman with a pine cone for a nose and a scarf for a neck. They were very happy. But then a mean boy came and kicked their snowman. He broke the pine cone and the scarf. He laughed and ran away. Anna and Ben were very sad and angry. They wanted to make the mean boy sorry. They saw the mean boy hiding behind a pine tree. They made some snowballs and threw them at him. The snowballs hit him hard and made him cold and wet. Ow! Stop it! You are mean! the mean boy shouted. No, you are mean! You broke our snowman! Anna shouted back. Shut up! Go away! the mean boy said. No, you shut up! You go away! Ben said. They kept throwing snowballs and shouting until their mom came and saw them. What are you doing? Why are you fighting? mom asked. She made them stop and come inside. She gave them some hot chocolate and cookies. She told them to be nice and share. The hot chocolate was sweet and warm. The cookies were soft and yummy. Anna and Ben felt better. But the mean boy was still outside. He had no hot chocolate or cookies. He had no friends or mom. He was cold and hungry and lonely. He felt bitter.Once upon a time, there was a girl called May. She wanted to find peace and quiet for a while, so she went to a secret chamber. The chamber was peaceful and still, so May sighed happily. She spent some time in the chamber, listening to the calm silence that surrounded her. It was so quiet she could hear the pebbles outside gently rolling around. May enjoyed the calm atmosphere of the chamber, so she decided to stay a while longer. She lay down on her back and closed her eyes, feeling relaxed and content with the peace. Soon, May drifted into a deep sleep and stayed there for a while. When she awoke, the chamber was still calm and peaceful, so May sighed once more in contentment. Feeling refreshed and peaceful, she left the chamber and went back to the world outside.Lila and Ben are twins. They like to play in the garden. They dig in the soil and find worms and bugs. They are careful not to hurt them. They are helpful to the plants and the animals. One day, a big dog comes to the garden. He barks and runs around. He steps on the flowers and digs up the soil. He scares the worms and the bugs. Lila and Ben are not happy. They want to protect the garden. They run to the dog and shout, Stop! Go away! You are not nice! The dog does not listen. He keeps barking and running. Lila and Ben look for something to make him leave. They see a hose. They turn on the water and spray the dog. The dog gets wet and cold. He does not like it. He runs away. Lila and Ben are happy. They hug each other. They have protected the garden. They check on the flowers and the soil. They say sorry to the worms and the bugs. They are helpful to the plants and the animals. They are good twins.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She had a toy car that she loved to play with. One day, Lilys toy car broke and she didnt know how to fix it. She asked her mommy for help, but her mommy didnt know how to fix it either. Lily decided to learn how to fix her toy car. She looked at it carefully and tried to figure out what was broken. It was a mystery to her, but she didnt give up. She kept trying and trying until she finally fixed it. Lily was very proud of herself for learning how to fix her toy car. She played with it happily, knowing that she had solved the mystery of what was broken. From that day on, Lily knew that she could learn to do anything if she tried hard enough.Lily was a deaf girl who liked to go to school. She had a special teacher who helped her learn with signs and pictures. She also had many friends who played with her and talked to her with their hands. One day, Lily found a magic ring in the playground. It was shiny and had a big red stone. She put it on her finger and felt a strange tingling. She looked around and saw that everything was getting bigger. Or maybe she was getting smaller. She was shrinking! She tried to take off the ring, but it was stuck. She got scared and ran to find her teacher. But she was so tiny that no one could see her or hear her. She called out with her voice and her signs, but it was no use. She felt alone and lost. She saw a big ant crawling near her. It was bigger than her head. She was afraid it would bite her. She ran away from it, but it followed her. She saw a hole in the ground and jumped in. She hoped the ant would not find her. She landed on something soft and warm. It was a mouse. The mouse looked at her with curious eyes. It sniffed her and licked her. It did not hurt her. It was friendly. Lily felt a little better. She smiled at the mouse and stroked its fur. The mouse squeaked and nuzzled her. Maybe the mouse could help her. Maybe it could take her to her teacher. She pointed at the ring and made a sign for help. The mouse nodded and picked her up gently. It ran out of the hole and across the playground. It dodged the ant and the children and the teachers. It found Lilys teacher and dropped her on her lap. Lilys teacher was surprised and happy. She saw the ring and understood what had happened. She took off the ring and gave it to the mouse. She thanked the mouse and hugged Lily. Lily hugged her back and thanked the mouse too. The mouse winked and ran away. Lily was back to her normal size. She was glad and relieved. She learned a lesson that day. She learned that magic can be dangerous and that friends can be found in unexpected places. She also learned that she was not alone. She had a special teacher, many friends, and a brave mouse who cared for her. She was a happy girl.Once upon a time there was a lady who loved to soak. She would soak in the tub every day for hours. She felt so relaxed and happy when she soaked. One day she found a very special print. It was deep and blue and looked like the ocean. It was so beautiful! She wanted to keep it, so she bought it. When she got home, she soaked with the print in the tub. She looked at it and thought about how deep the ocean was. She closed her eyes and imagined the ocean waves and how peaceful it was. When she went to bed that night, she was so happy. She had been able to soak and enjoy the beautiful print. She knew she had a special treat that she could enjoy every night.The sky was gloomy. Jack was watching it from his window. He was curious to know why the sky looked so sad. Then he saw something strange. He tiptoed to take a better look and paused. He saw a rainbow in the sky! The colors were so bright he wanted to go outside. He slowly opened the door and went out. The air was cold. He paused and looked up. The rainbow was gone! But he was still happy, he wondered where the rainbow went. He was speechless! He smiled and went back inside. Jack knew he will see the rainbow again one day.John and Jack were best friends. One day they were playing at Jacks house. John saw a tray of snacks on the table, yummy cookies and colourful pieces of fruit. John said Can I have some? but then Jack started to tease him. He said No, you cant have any. Its all mine! John felt sad but then he saw some disgusting food on the tray. There was a slimy green potato and a smelly fish. John made a face and said Ew, thats disgusting! Jack laughed and said Okay, you can try the disgusting food but only if you dare! John was brave and he decided to take the tray and try the food. He thought it was really yucky but he was really proud that he didnt let Jack tease him. They both had a good laugh.Lily likes to help her mom make breakfast. She can add things to the big bowl. Mom says, Lily, can you add some oats to the bowl? Lily nods and takes a cup of oats. She pours them into the bowl. She likes how they look and feel. Mom says, Good job, Lily! Now we need some milk and some honey. Can you add some milk and some honey to the bowl? Lily nods again and takes a jug of milk and a jar of honey. She adds some milk and some honey to the bowl. She likes how they smell and sound. Mom says, Thank you, Lily! You are a great helper. Now we need to cook the oats in the pot. Can you help me stir the oats? Lily nods and takes a big spoon. She helps mom stir the oats in the pot. She likes how they bubble and change. Mom says, The oats are ready. Lets put them in some bowls and add some fruits. What fruits do you want, Lily? Lily thinks and says, I want some bananas and some berries. They are yummy and colorful. Mom smiles and says, Me too. Lets add some bananas and some berries to our oats. Lily and mom add some bananas and some berries to their oats. They look delicious. Lily and mom sit at the table and eat their oats. They are warm and sweet and creamy. Lily says, Mom, this is the best breakfast ever. I love oats. And I love you. Mom says, I love you too, Lily. And I love oats. You made them so delicious. They hug and smile and enjoy their oats.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Anna who had a very special memory. Every day, she would go to a secret garden and count the petals of the flowers, write stories, and listen to the birds sing. One day, she went to her garden like usual and she noticed a broken bird perched on a bush. Anna wanted to help the bird, but she didnt know how. She heard a gentle voice say, Hey Anna, why dont you choose one of two things? You can either give the bird some food, or you can give it your memory. Anna thought for a moment and chose to share her memory with the broken bird. The bird seemed to sense it, and it flew away with a newfound strength. Anna was sad for a moment, but then she realized that her memory was a gift for the bird that needed it most! Her special memory was now a part of the birds journey.Lila and her dog Max were playing in the park. They liked to run and chase each other on the grass. Sometimes, Lila would throw a stick and Max would fetch it. They were very happy. But then, Lila saw a big slide. She wanted to try it. She ran to the slide and climbed the ladder. Max followed her, but he was afraid of the slide. He barked and wagged his tail, trying to tell Lila to come back. Lila reached the top of the slide and looked down. It was very high and steep. She felt a worry in her tummy. She wanted to go back, but she did not know how. She was stuck. Help! Help! she cried. I want to go down! Max heard her cry and ran to the slide. He was a loyal dog and he loved Lila. He wanted to help her. He jumped on the slide and slid down. He reached the bottom and looked up. He barked and wagged his tail, trying to tell Lila to slide down too. Lila saw Max and felt brave. She knew Max was there for her. She slid down the slide and landed on the grass. She hugged Max and thanked him. Good boy, Max! You saved me! she said. You are the best dog ever! Max licked her face and wagged his tail. He was happy too. They went back to playing on the grass. They were very happy.Once there was a brave little girl. She lived in a house with her family. One day, her sisters wanted to have some fun so they decided to tease her. They started to tease her about the stove. But the brave little girl wouldnt let them get away with it. She stood up to them and said she wasnt scared of the stove! But they didnt want to listen. They kept on teasing her, telling her to go over to the stove. So the brave little girl decided to go over and show them that she wasnt scared. But the stove was very hot and she got burned. She was so scared and sad. The brave little girl was very brave but the teasing didnt have a good ending. She learned her lesson and never let her sisters tease her again.Sam was a generous three year old who loved to cook. He had his own grill and was always inviting his friends over to cook together. His friends loved eating the delicious treats that he prepared for them. One day, he was so busy cooking that he didnt notice a mean, old sign that had been posted in the park. It said that grills were not allowed in the park. Sam was worried that he might get in trouble if someone saw him with his grill. But just when he was about to turn around and leave, one of his friends saw him and screamed out in delight. Soon enough, all the kids in the park were gathered around the grill, rubbing their tummies and excitedly watching Sam prepare the food. Just then, a park ranger appeared and looked ready to scold Sam for having the grill in the park. But upon spotting the groups joyful faces, the rangers stern expression softened and he said, Well I guess you can stay because you are being generous with your delicious food. Sam and his friends were so relieved and grateful that the ranger was so generous. From then on, they only tried to stay away from places where grills were banned.Once there was a very big elephant called Eliana. She was very sad because ever since she was a baby her trunk was broken, and no one could heal it. Every day Eliana would swing on the swing in the big park and watch the other elephants play. One day, a very kind man came to the park and said he thought he could heal Elianas trunk. Everyone was so hopeful. The kind man set to work and very soon Elianas trunk had been healed! Eliana was so happy! With her huge trunk she could reach the highest and most fun swings in the park. She swung so high that all the other elephants said she looked like she was flying ! Elianaâs trunk was fixed and she could swing like all the other elephants.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. Jack loved getting presents. One day, his mom gave him a present. Jack was so excited to open it. When he opened it, he saw that it was a book. Jack didnt like books, he thought they were boring. Jacks mom told him to read the book because it was very interesting. Jack didnt want to, but he didnt want to make his mom sad. So, he started to read the book. After a few pages, Jack started to like the book. He found it very interesting. The moral of the story is that sometimes we need to try new things even if we dont want to. We might wake up to new interests and hobbies that we never knew we had.Once upon a time, there was a little birdie named Tweety. Tweety loved to play with his friends and eat yummy seeds. One day, Tweety found a big, shiny egg. He was so happy and wanted to show it to his friends. But when he tried to carry it, the egg was too heavy and he dropped it. The egg cracked and Tweety was sad. Tweetys friends saw him crying and asked him what happened. Tweety showed them the cracked egg and they all felt sorry for him. But then, one of the friends had an idea. She said they should pray to the birdie gods to help fix the egg. Tweety and his friends closed their eyes and prayed really hard. Suddenly, something amazing happened. The egg started to move and wiggle. It was like magic! The egg hatched and a cute little chick came out. Tweety was so happy and his friends were amazed. They all hugged and played with the new chick. Tweety learned that even when things seem bad, praying can make them better. And the little chick was so flexible, it could even do somersaults!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside and explore. One day, she found a big rock in her backyard. She wanted to see what was underneath it, but it was too heavy for her to lift. Lily went to her mom and said, Mommy, can you help me lift this rock? I want to see whats under it. Her mom said, Sure, lets lift it together. They both lifted the rock and found a little bug hiding underneath. Lily was so happy and said, Look mommy, we found a bug! Is it safe for it to be outside without oxygen? Her mom explained that bugs breathe oxygen just like we do and its safe for them to be outside. Lily was relieved and said, Phew, Im glad the bug is safe. Thank you for helping me lift the rock, mommy! Her mom smiled and said, Anytime, sweetie.One day, Arnold and his family were on their way to the park. Arnold was so excited, he could barely wait to get there. He knew it was going to be perfect. As they drove along in their family vehicle, Arnold noticed an old tractor in the field next to them. He asked his Mom if they could part and go see it. But his Mom said no, they were running late, so they had to keep going. Arnold was really disappointed. He really wanted to see the old tractor and he knew it was perfect. But they just couldnt part and go see it. So, Arnold decided to do something. He asked his Dad if they could at least drive by slowly and take a look at it. His Dad smiled and agreed. So, as they drove along, Arnold was so happy, as he was able to catch a glimpse of the tractor. It was perfect!Tom and Sam are brothers. They like to play with cars and balls. But they have to go to school every day. They have to wake up early and get ready. One day, Tom and Sam hear their mom say, Hurry, boys! Its time to go to school. Look at the clock. Its almost eight. Tom and Sam look at the clock. It has a big hand and a small hand. The big hand is near the eight and the small hand is near the twelve. That means it is almost eight oclock. Tom jumps out of bed and puts on his clothes. He brushes his teeth and combs his hair. He packs his bag and goes to the kitchen. He eats his breakfast and says, Thank you, mom. Im ready to go. Sam stays in bed and says, I dont want to go to school. I want to play. He covers his head with his blanket and closes his eyes. He ignores his mom and the clock. Mom says, Sam, hurry up. You will be late. You have to go to school. You will learn new things and make new friends. School is good for you. But Sam does not listen. He says, No, no, no. I dont like school. I like to play. Mom gets angry and says, Sam, if you dont get up now, you will miss the bus. You will have to walk to school. And you will miss the fun activities and the snacks. You will be sad and sorry. But Sam does not care. He says, I dont care. I dont want to go. Tom says, Sam, please hurry. I dont want to go without you. We are brothers. We should go together. School is fun. You will like it. Please, please, please. But Sam does not listen. He says, Go away. Leave me alone. I want to play. Tom sighs and says, Okay, Sam. I will go. But I will miss you. I hope you change your mind. He kisses his mom and says, Bye, mom. I love you. He takes his bag and goes to the bus stop. He sees his friends and smiles. He gets on the bus and waves to his mom. Sam hears the bus leave and feels lonely. He looks at the clock. It is past eight. He thinks, Maybe I made a mistake. Maybe school is not so bad. Maybe I should have listened to mom and Tom. Maybe I should have hurried. He gets out of bed and puts on his clothes. He brushes his teeth and combs his hair. He packs his bag and goes to the kitchen. He sees his mom and says, Mom, Im sorry. I was wrong. I want to go to school. Can you take me? Mom says, Sam, Im glad you changed your mind. But you are too late. The bus is gone. You have to walk to school. It is far and hard. You will be tired and hungry. You will miss the fun activities and the snacks. You will be sad and sorry. She gives him a sandwich and a bottle of water. She says, Here, take this. You will need it. And be careful on the road. I love you. She kisses him and says, Bye, Sam. I hope you learn your lesson. Sam says, Bye, mom. I love you too. Im sorry. I will learn my lesson. He takes his sandwich and his water. He goes to the road and starts to walk. He sees the cars and the bikes. He sees the trees and the flowers. He sees the birds and the bugs. He thinks, This is not fun. This is boring. I wish I was on the bus with Tom and my friends. I wish I was at school with them. I wish I had hurried. The moral of the story is You should listen to your mom and hurry when she tells you to. School is good for you and fun. You should not waste your time and miss your chance. You should be a good brother and a good friend. You should be a good boy.Once upon a time, there was a little brown mouse who lived in a big chimney. One day, the mouse had a special request. He wanted to have a friend to play with. He peered out of the chimney and looked around. Just then, the mouse saw a small brown bird perched on a nearby tree. The mouse peered at the bird and called out, Hey! Can you be my friend? The bird thought for a moment, then replied, Yes! I would like that. The mouse and the bird played together for a long time. They both had lots of fun! They raced and hide and seek, and ran through the grass in the sunshine. From that day forward, the mouse and the bird were the best of friends. They played together every day and were never apart. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Sarah. She was three years old. Sarah was feeling very cold one day, and she was also feeling a bit sad. She didnt want to go outside and play, and stayed in bed with a blanket. Her dad saw that she was not feeling well, and wanted to encourage her. So he took out a special treat from the kitchen. It was a big, sugary, chocolate bar! He said to Sarah, Its ok to stay in bed today, but I want to encourage you to feel a little better. Sarah was very excited when she saw the treat. She still felt cold, but the treat made her feel a little bit better. Her dad said, Lets enjoy this special treat together before you go back to bed. Sarah smiled and said, Thank you, daddy!. And she and her dad shared the special treat before it was time for her rest. Sarah was so happy that her dad encouraged her and gave her a special treat!Sam and Mia are playing in the backyard. They have a lot of equipment to have fun. They have a ball, a bike, a slide, and a hose. Sam likes to spray water with the hose. He thinks it is funny to make things wet. Look, Mia, I can spray the ball! Sam says. He turns on the hose and points it at the ball. The water hits the ball and makes it roll away. Wow, Sam, you are strong! Mia says. She claps her hands and laughs. She likes to see the ball move. Thank you, Mia. Do you want to try? Sam asks. He gives the hose to Mia. Mia takes the hose and tries to spray the ball. But the hose is too heavy for her. She drops the hose and the water sprays everywhere. Oops, Mia, you made a mess! Sam says. He runs to pick up the hose. He turns off the water and puts the hose away. Sorry, Sam. The hose is too big for me. I need a smaller one. Mia says. She looks sad. Its okay, Mia. Dont be sad. We can play with something else. How about the bike? Sam says. He smiles and hugs Mia. Okay, Sam. I like the bike. Lets go! Mia says. She smiles and hugs Sam back. They leave the wet ball and the hose behind. They run to the bike and hop on. They pedal fast and have fun. They are good friends. They like to play together.Once upon a time, there was a little fish called Bobby. Bobby had a big wish. He wanted to have something delicious to eat. But all Bobby could find in the sea was seaweed. One day, Bobby asked his mother if there was anything better than seaweed. His mother got a twinkle in her eye and said, I can give you the most incredible thing in the world. I promise I will get you some tuna if you follow me. Bobby was so excited he could barely contain himself! He swam after his mother and they came to a magical cave. Inside the cave, Bobby saw a big pile of golden tuna. He couldnt believe his eyes! Bobby gobbled as much tuna as he could, saying thank you to his mother. His mother smiled and said, You are welcome, Bobby. I promised you the most incredible thing in the world and here it is! Bobby smiled and enjoyed his delicious treat!Tom was a bird who liked to deliver things. He had a big bag of seeds that he took from the farm. He flew to his friends in the forest and gave them some seeds. They were happy and said thank you. But Tom was lonely. He had no friends who were birds like him. He only saw them when he delivered things. He wished he had someone to fly with and talk to. One day, he saw a bright green vine. It was hanging from a big tree. It looked like a long snake. Tom was curious. He flew closer and said hello. The vine moved and said hello back. It was not a snake. It was a parrot. A parrot who had escaped from a cage. He was also lonely. He had no friends who were parrots like him. He only saw them in books and pictures. Tom and the parrot became friends. They flew together and talked to each other. They shared their seeds and stories. They were not lonely anymore. They were happy.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily who loved to play outside. One day, she went to the park with her mom. They sat down on a bench to eat some yummy snacks. Suddenly, Lily felt very cold and started to shiver. Mommy, Im cold, Lily said. Lets go home and get you a warm sweater, her mom replied. As they walked home, Lilys stomach started to rumble. Mommy, Im hungry, she said. Lets make some soup when we get home, her mom said. When they got home, Lilys older brother was being very rude. Stop being rude, Lilys mom scolded him. After they had some warm soup, Lily felt much better. She snuggled up in a cozy blanket and fell asleep, dreaming of playing outside in the sunshine.Once upon a time there was a big, clean universe. In the universe, there were lots of stars and planets. The stars and planets were all clean and sparkly. But no one could understand the universe. They all wanted to know more. So one day, a group of friends decided to explore the universe. They wanted to find out its secrets. The friends travelled through the stars and planets, looking for answers. It was a long journey but eventually, they made it to the end. And there, they finally understood the universe. The friends were happy. They had solved the universes secrets and everything was clean and sparkly.Once upon a time there was a boy named Jack. He was only three years old and he wanted to explore the world. He had a special chamber that he could trust and keep all of his treasures safe. One day he decided to explore his back yard. He was amazed at how charming the trees and the birds were. As he wandered about he found a magic doorway leading deep into the earth. He wondered what it would be like to explore this magical chamber. So he grabbed his trusty flashlight and started his adventure. Jack made it to the chamber and he was so excited. Inside he found a charming mouse who gave him a friendly smile. He wanted to stay and explore longer but he had to get back home soon. Jack knew he could trust the chamber and he thanked the mouse before heading back home. From then on, he visited the chamber every chance he got, and he learned lots of amazing things. Jack will always remember the charming chamber and how much he trusted it.Once upon a time, there was a little bird named Tweetie. Tweetie loved to fly high up in the sky and see the world from above. One day, Tweetie was flying over a big ocean when she saw a boat in trouble. The boat was going to sink, and the people on it were very scared. Tweetie wanted to help, but she didnt know what to do. Suddenly, she remembered something her mommy had told her. If you ever see someone in trouble, try to find land and lead them there. So, Tweetie flew around until she found a nearby island. She flew back to the boat and chirped as loud as she could to get their attention. Then, she led them to the island where they were safe. The people on the boat were so grateful to Tweetie for saving them. They gave her lots of hugs and kisses and thanked her over and over again. From that day on, Tweetie felt very proud of herself for helping others. She knew that she would always be ready to remind herself of her mommys wise words and help those in need.John was playing in his garden, splashing in the water from the hose. His mom watched from the kitchen window with a smile on her face. Suddenly, Johns little brother, Tom, stepped into the garden and started splashing in the puddle too. Johns mom quickly opened the door. Tom, you need to help your brother, she said. John was playing here first. Tom felt guilty and stepped out of the puddle. He looked at his shoes, which were now wet and muddy, and then he looked at John. John smiled and said, Its okay Tom! Come back in and splash with me. Tom was relieved that he wasnt in trouble anymore. He stepped back into the puddle and joined John. Together, they splashed, laughed and had fun in the garden.Lily and Max were playing in the garden. They liked to pretend they were a queen and a knight. Lily wore a crown and a dress. Max wore a helmet and a sword. Queen Lily, I will protect you from the dragon! Max said. Thank you, Knight Max. You are very brave! Lily said. They heard a loud roar. They saw a big shadow. They were scared. Was it a dragon? Run, Queen Lily, run! Max shouted. He waved his sword. Lily ran behind a tree. She peeked out. She saw the shadow. It was not a dragon. It was their dog, Rex. He was barking and wagging his tail. Rex, you scared us! Lily said. She came out from the tree. She hugged Rex. Sorry, Queen Lily, sorry, Knight Max. I wanted to play too! Rex said. He licked their faces. Lily and Max laughed. They were not scared anymore. They were fine. Rex, you can be our dragon. But you have to be nice! Lily said. OK, Queen Lily. I will be a nice dragon! Rex said. They played together in the garden. They had fun. They were happy.Once upon a time, there was a cactus that lived in the desert. Every day, it covered itself with a blanket to take a nap. Suddenly, it heard a sound. It was so fearful that it wanted to hide. It covered itself in sand to hide from the sound. With its prickly spikes, the cactus stayed safely in the sand. After a while, the sound went away and the cactus uncovered itself. It was so relieved that it went back to its naps with its blanket. The happy cactus lived happily ever after in the desert.Once upon a time, there was a chubby little girl named Daisy. She liked to pinch things. One day, in the park, she saw an opera. She liked how it sounded, so she pinched it. But when she pinched it, a big spark came out! Daisy was so surprised she started to laugh. Then Daisy pinched the opera again and again, and the sparks kept coming. She was very happy!Ben and Lily liked to play in the pool. They had a big pool in their backyard. They had many toys in the pool. They had balls, ducks, and boats. One day, Ben saw a hole in the pool. The water was coming out of the hole. Ben was sad. He did not want the pool to be empty. He ran to his dad and said, Dad, dad, the pool has a hole! Can you repair it? Dad looked at the pool and nodded. He said, Yes, Ben, I can repair it. But I need some tape and glue. Can you help me find them? Ben said, Yes, dad, I can help you. I know where the tape and glue are. They are hidden in the garage. Lily hid them there. She likes to hide things. Ben and dad went to the garage. They looked for the tape and glue. But they could not find them. Lily had hidden them very well. Ben and dad were frustrated. They wanted to repair the pool. They heard a giggle from behind a box. It was Lily. She had the tape and glue in her hands. She said, I have the tape and glue. Do you want them? Ben and dad were angry. They said, Lily, that is not nice. You should not hide things. We need the tape and glue to repair the pool. Give them to us now. Lily felt sorry. She did not mean to make Ben and dad angry. She said, Im sorry, Ben and dad. I was just playing. Here, take the tape and glue. I will help you repair the pool. Ben and dad took the tape and glue. They thanked Lily. They went back to the pool. They repaired the hole. The water stopped coming out. The pool was full again. Ben and Lily hugged dad. They said, Thank you, dad. You are the best. Can we play in the pool now? Dad smiled. He said, Yes, you can. But please, dont hide things anymore. It can cause trouble. Ben and Lily nodded. They said, We wont, dad. We promise. They jumped into the pool. They played with their toys. They had fun. They were happy.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She was walking in the forest when she saw a weird trap. What is that? she asked herself. Suddenly, a little bird flew down and got stuck in the trap. Oh no! Little bird, I will help you, said Lily. She tried to open the trap, but it was too strong. I need to find someone to help us, she said to the bird. Lily ran to find her friend, Timmy. Timmy, please come with me. A little bird is trapped in a weird trap, she said. Timmy followed Lily to the trap and together they were able to free the bird. Yay! We did it! The trap is over and the bird is free! they shouted.Once upon a time, there were two best friends. One was a cat and one was a dog. Together, they liked to play in the backyard. The cats fur was soft and the dogs tail was waggy they were both very happy. But one day, they started to discuss who had the better nose. The cat said her nose was better because it was small and pink and could smell lots of fun things like butterflies and falling leaves. But the dog thought his nose was better because it was big, black and could smell really far away. They both started to get fierce! They ran around and around, trying to prove to each other who was right. But then, they stopped to take a deep breath. They looked at each other and laughed they were still best friends, no matter which one had the better nose!Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to eat shrimp because they tasted yummy. One day, Timmy went to the store with his mommy to buy some shrimp for dinner. At the store, Timmy saw a man who was moving very fast. Wow, hes so fast! Timmy said to his mommy. Yes, he is, his mommy replied. Timmy and his mommy went to the seafood section to buy some shrimp. Excuse me, can you supply us with some shrimp? Timmys mommy asked the store worker. Sure thing! the store worker said with a smile. After they got the shrimp, they went home and cooked it for dinner. Timmy was so happy because he got to eat his favorite food. This shrimp is so yummy! Timmy said to his mommy. Im glad you like it, his mommy replied with a smile.Once upon a time there was a boy named John. He was very eager to go explore a mountain near his house. John put on his coat and took his hat, then marched up the mountain. At the top of the mountain, he found a big tree. He smiled and ran to the tree. John put both his hands on the tree and started to swing back and forth. He felt like he was flying as he went higher and higher. Suddenly, he felt like he was above the mountain and he couldnt believe it. John stayed there for a while and looked at the mountains and the clouds. He smiled and waved to all the people on the ground who were watching him swing. John felt so proud and happy. He couldnt wait to swing on the tree again and explore more mountains.Once upon a time, there was a girl called Sara. She had a huge pen that she loved. Every day, she went for a walk with it. One day, she was walking with her pen and she saw a huge rabbit. She was so excited and ran towards it. Before she could get close, the rabbit hopped away. Sara chased the rabbit, with her pen in her hand. Eventually she got too close and the rabbit got scared. The rabbit became very angry and ran at Sara. The rabbit was too fast and knocked the pen out of Saras hand. The pen rolled away and stopped at a cliff. Sara tried to get her pen back, but she was too slow. The pen fell over the edge and vanished. Sara was so sad. She had lost her huge pen forever.Once upon a time, there was a puppy named Max. Max had a colorful collar and a leash that was red. Max loved to go on walks with his owner, Lily. One night, Max had a dream that he could fly. The next day, Max told Lily about his dream. I had a dream that I could fly! Max barked. Thats so cool! Lily said. Maybe one day youll fly in your dreams again. As they walked, Max saw a butterfly and chased after it. He pulled on his leash so hard that it broke! Oops, I broke my leash, Max said. Its okay, Max, Lily said. We can get you a new one. Max wagged his tail and felt happy. He knew that he could always dream of flying, even if he had to stay on the ground.Once upon a time, there was a little mouse named Max. Max lived in a cozy hole in the wall of a big house. One day, Max went to the store to get some cheese. He loved cheese so much! But when he got to the store, he saw a big grumpy cat. The cat looked hungry and mean. Max was scared, so he ran back to his hole. Later that day, Max heard a noise outside his hole. It was the cat! The cat had found Maxs hole and was trying to get in. Max was so scared, he didnt know what to do. He peeked out of his hole and saw the cats big paws. Max knew he had to do something. Max called out, Hey cat! Why are you so grumpy? Do you want some cheese? The cat stopped and looked at Max. Cheese? I love cheese! the cat said. Max quickly ran to the store and got some cheese. He brought it back to the cat and they shared it together. From that day on, the cat and Max were friends and Max never went to the store alone again.Tom and Anna liked to play with their toy train. They had a big red train that could make noise and move on the tracks. They also had many cars that they could attach to the train. Tom and Anna liked to number the cars and see how many they had. One day, Tom wanted to play with the train by himself. He did not want to share with Anna. He said to Anna, This is my train. You cannot play with it. Go away. Anna felt sad and angry. She said to Tom, That is not nice. We should share the train. It is ours, not yours. But Tom did not listen. He took the train and all the cars and went to his room. Anna was left alone in the living room. She did not have anything to play with. She felt bored and lonely. She wished Tom would come back and play with her. She thought, Maybe I can make him happy. Maybe I can give him something he likes. She looked around and saw a big cookie on the table. She knew Tom loved cookies. She took the cookie and went to Toms room. She knocked on the door and said, Tom, I have something for you. Do you want a cookie? Tom heard Anna and opened the door. He saw the cookie and his eyes lit up. He said, Wow, a cookie! Thank you, Anna. You are very kind. He took the cookie and smiled. He felt sorry for being mean to Anna. He said, Anna, I am sorry for not sharing the train with you. Do you want to play with me? Anna nodded and smiled. She said, Yes, I do. I am sorry for being mad at you. Lets play together. Tom and Anna hugged and went to play with the train. They had fun and learned to share and be nice to each other. They also learned to number the cars again and see how many they had. They were happy and the train was happy too.Once upon a time, there was a rare blackboard. It was not like other blackboards. It could talk and play with kids. The blackboard lived in a big room where kids came to learn and have fun. They loved the rare blackboard very much. One day, a new teacher came to the big room. She was very nice and the kids liked her. The rare blackboard liked her too. They talked and played with the kids together. The blackboard and the teacher became very good friends. After some time, the rare blackboard and the teacher decided to marry. All the kids were happy and excited. They came to the marry day and had a big party. They ate cake and played games. From that day on, the rare blackboard and the teacher were always together, and they all lived happily ever after.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. One day, she went to the park with her mommy. While they were walking, they saw a big peach tree. The peaches looked so yummy and clear. Lily said, Mommy, can we get one peach? Mommy replied, We cant take the peaches from the tree. Thats not nice. But we can buy some from the store. Suddenly, a little boy came up to them and said, I want a peach too! Lily said, Sorry, we cant take the peaches. Thats not nice. The little boy got upset and tried to pinch Lily. But Lilys mommy protected her and said, No pinching! Thats not nice either. The little boy felt bad and said sorry. Lily forgave him and they all went to the store to buy some yummy peaches. They all became friends and had a fun day in the park. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play in the mud. He would jump up and down and make big splashes. One day, Timmy found something unknown in the mud. It was a shiny rock! Timmy was so happy and showed it to his mom. She said it was beautiful and they decided to keep it. From that day on, Timmy would always remember the fun he had playing in the mud and finding the unknown treasure.Once upon a time there was a chubby little patch. His name was Patchy. He liked to store things. He stored all sorts of things in his patch, like acorns and sticks. One day, Patchy went to the store to buy himself something special. When he arrived, he saw a big box of chocolates. His eyes lit up and he started to get excited. He turned to the person in the store and said Please, can I have a box of chocolates? The person smiled and said Of course you can, Patchy. Let me wrap them up for you. Patchy smiled. He thanked the person and took the box of chocolates back to his patch. He ate the chocolates and enjoyed them very much. From then on, Patchy always stored his special things in his patch.Lily was sick and had to go to the hospital. She did not like the hospital. It was big and loud and scary. She missed her home and her toys and her mom and dad. One night, she had a dream. In her dream, she saw a big, soft bear. The bear was friendly and smiled at her. He said, Hello, Lily. I am here to make you feel better. Do you want to play with me? Lily nodded and smiled back. She liked the bear. He was warm and cuddly and fun. He gave her a hug and said, Dont be afraid, Lily. You are brave and strong. You will get well soon and go back to your home and your toys and your mom and dad. They played together in the dream. They sang songs and told stories and laughed. Lily felt happy and safe with the bear. She forgot about the hospital and the pain and the fear. When she woke up, she saw her mom and dad by her bed. They looked happy and proud. They said, Good morning, Lily. We have good news. The doctor said you are much better and you can go home today. How do you feel? Lily felt good. She remembered her dream and the bear. She said, I feel good, mom and dad. I had a dream. I met a big, soft bear. He was my friend. He made me feel better. Can I take him home? Her mom and dad smiled and hugged her. They said, Of course, Lily. You can take him home. He is your special friend. He will always be with you in your heart. They gave her a big, soft bear to hold. It looked just like the one in her dream. Lily hugged the bear and smiled. She was happy and ready to go home.Lily liked to collect rocks. She had many rocks of different colors and shapes in her box. She was proud of her rocks and showed them to her friends. One day, she saw a shiny rock in the park. It was the most beautiful rock she had ever seen. It sparkled in the sun and had many colors. She wanted to have it for her box. She ran to the rock and picked it up. She looked around and saw a big rock nearby. She decided to replace the big rock with the shiny rock. She thought no one would notice. But Sam saw what she did. Sam was playing with his ball in the park. He liked the big rock and used it as a goal. He was envious of Lilys shiny rock. He thought it was not fair that she took it. He ran to Lily and said, That is not your rock. You took it from the park. You have to give it back. Lily did not want to give it back. She said, No, it is my rock. I found it. You have many balls. You do not need the big rock. They started to argue and tug at the shiny rock. They did not see the park ranger coming. He heard them and saw what they did. He was not happy. He said, What are you doing? You cannot take rocks from the park. They belong to everyone. You have to put them back where you found them. He made Lily and Sam replace the rocks. He told them to say sorry to each other and to the park. He said, You can look at the rocks, but you cannot keep them. You can find other things to play with and share with your friends. Lily and Sam felt ashamed. They said sorry and put the rocks back. They decided to play with Sams ball instead. They learned to respect the park and each other. They became friends and shared their toys. They still liked rocks, but they did not take them anymore.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved going to the beach with her family. Every time they went, she would run to the water and jump over the waves. She enjoyed feeling the water on her toes and the sand in her hands. One day, they went to the beach in the evening. It was getting dark and the sky was turning black. Lily was a little scared of the dark, but she still wanted to play. She asked her dad if they could go closer to the water. He said yes and they walked towards the waves. Lily saw the waves crashing against the shore and she thought it was so cool. She loved how the water moved and made a loud sound. She felt happy and safe with her family by her side. Even though it was dark, Lily enjoyed playing at the beach with her family.Tom and Lily were at the park with their mom. They saw a big slide and ran to it. They wanted to ride the slide and have fun. But there was a woman in front of the slide. She was rude. She did not let Tom and Lily go on the slide. She said, This is my slide. Go away. You are too small and slow. Tom and Lily were sad and angry. They did not like the woman. They wanted to ride the slide. They asked their mom for help. Their mom came to the woman and said, Excuse me, can you please share the slide with my children? They are waiting nicely and they want to have a turn. The woman looked at their mom and said, No, I cant. This is my slide. I paid for it. You and your children are not welcome here. Go find another slide. Their mom was shocked and mad. She said, That is not true. This is a public park. The slide is for everyone. You are being very rude and selfish. You need to move and let others play. The woman did not listen. She said, No, I wont. This is my slide. You cant make me. Their mom said, Yes, I can. I will call the park ranger and he will make you. He will tell you to follow the rules and be nice. Or he will ask you to leave the park. The woman was scared. She did not want to talk to the park ranger. She did not want to leave the park. She said, Fine, fine. I will share the slide. But only for a little bit. Then I will come back and ride it again. She moved away from the slide and let Tom and Lily go on it. Tom and Lily were happy. They thanked their mom and rode the slide. They had fun. The woman watched them and frowned. She was not happy. She was still rude.Once upon a time there was a little bird named Rupert. Rupert was always very peaceful and he loved to spend the mornings singing in the tree. One morning, Rupert was singing his song and he saw a little caterpillar named Carly walking underneath the tree. Rupert looked down and said Hello Carly, what are you doing down there? Carly said, Im trying to find a way to cross this river but its so wide I dont know how Ill get over. Rupert said, Dont worry, I can help you! Let me fly down and Ill carry you on my neck across the river. Carly was so excited. Rupert flew down to the river and perched on the bank. Carly climbed onto Ruperts neck and he flew over, carrying her safely across the river. When they finally reached the other side, Rupert said, Carly, you can now go on your way. I hope you learned that if you help others, youll get help in return! Carly was very thankful for Ruperts help and with a smile she waved goodbye and continued on her way. Rupert watched Carly go and then he flew back across the river, reversing the journey that he had taken with Carly on his neck. He was very grateful that he could help Carly and remembered the lesson that he had learnt that its important to help others.Alice was a three year old girl. She loved to explore her world. One day she went for a walk with her parents. She saw a bird for the first time and stopped to admire it. Look, Mama! Alice said as she pointed at the bird. Yes, sweetheart, her mother said with a big smile, It is beautiful, isnt it? Alice was astonished. Its bright colours were incredible and it hopped so energetically. Its eyes were alert, watching carefully. Alice felt the birds inner will, and admired it even more. Suddenly, the bird flew away and Alice waved goodbye. Byebye! Youre so brave! Alice smiled and her parents looked proudly at her. She took their hands and walked away, feeling her own will grow inside her.Once, there was a strong man who lived in the city. Everyday, the man went for a walk with his wallet. One day, the man passed an old man and the old man made a joke. The man laughed and said, That was a very funny joke. The old man replied, Thank you, I can always make people laugh. I have many jokes. Then, he looked at the strong mans wallet and said, You have a nice wallet, can I see it? The man opened his wallet and the old man said, Ah, now this is a nice wallet. Then, the old man put a tiny imaginary bug inside the mans wallet and said, This little bug will bring you lots of luck. The man was very thankful and thanked the old man. He kept the wallet with the little bug inside with him and he said goodbye to the old man. From that day onward, the man always felt strong and lucky.Once upon a time there was an old printer. He was so old that he could barely print anymore. Instead, he only printed out things about marriage. He loved to talk about it and would print out stories about it. One day, a small, threeyearold boy came up to the printer. The little boy had a question. What is marriage? He asked. The printer thought for a moment and then replied, Marriage is when two people decide to stay together and love each other forever. Its a strong bond and its something to be celebrated. The little boy nodded and then asked, But what if its weak? The printer shook his head and said, Marriage isnt weak, its strong and it can become stronger if both people work at it. The little boy smiled and thanked the printer before walking away. The printer was happy he could help and continued to print stories about marriage. He wanted everyone to know how special it was.Once there was a family who had a very unusual house. They wanted to sell it. Mama and Papa were busy talking to people and finding the right one to buy the house. They had a lot of fun showing the house to all the people. One day, somebody said yes and bought the house. Mama, Papa, and the family were all very happy. They thought the new family were going to have a lot of fun in the unusual house. Before leaving, Mama, Papa, and the family said goodbye to the new family. They hugged them and waved goodbye as they drove away. It was sad but exciting for the family to see someone else living in the house. Mama and Papa hugged each other. They were glad they found someone to buy their unusual house. They loved it very much but now it was time to find a new one!Once upon a time, there was a happy little boy named Tom. Tom loved to explore the world and he was so excited to try something new! Toms mummy took him to see something special. It was a clean, shiny, blue kayak! Tom gasped with delight. He had always wanted to try kayaking and now he was going to get the chance. Mummy helped him climb into the kayak and pushed him out into the waves. Tom was so happy and excited. He paddled up and down the river, shouting with joy. Mummy and Tom had so much fun together. When Tom climbed out of the kayak, he was tired but very happy. He couldnt wait to go kayaking again soon!Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. He liked to play with his toys in his room. One day, he saw an unknown toy under his bed. It was big, and he did not know where it came from. Tim wanted to play with the unknown toy, so he tried to reach it. But it was too far away. He pushed his hand harder, and then he felt pain. Tim started to cry and yell for his mom. His mom heard him yell and came running to his room. She saw the pain in Tims face and helped him. She got the unknown toy for him and hugged him. Tim felt better, and they played with the toy together.Timmy wanted to paint. He got some paints from his Mom. He asked his dog to help. The dog wagged his tail. Timmy spread paint all over his paper. The dog painted too. His paper was getting colorful. Timmy and the dog had a lot of fun. The colors were so nice! They painted the whole paper. When they were done, Timmy clapped. The dog barked with joy. They hugged and went outside to play in the sun. It was a nice day!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily who loved jelly. One day, Lily and her mom went to the store to buy some jelly. When they got to the store, they saw that the jelly was very expensive. Lily said, Mommy, can we buy the jelly? I really want it. Mommy replied, Yes, we can buy it, but we have to pay a lot of money for it. Lily was so lucky that her mommy bought the jelly for her. She ate it all up and it was very yummy. From that day on, Lily knew that if she wanted something, she had to ask nicely and be grateful when she got it.Once there was a boy. He was three years old. He always wanted to go to a restaurant. So one day his dad said yes, and they went to the restaurant. When they got there, the boy was very excited. It was big and had tables and chairs and everything. He looked around and smiled. They ordered some food. The waiter brought them hot soup with mild spices. The boy tasted it and liked it very much. He said it was yummy! After their meal, dad and the boy stood up to leave. Dad said Thank you to the waiter. The waiter smiled and said Youre welcome! The boy and his dad started walking out of the restaurant. Then the boy turned to the waiter and said, Bye! Thanks for the tasty soup! The waiter smiled again and said Bye! Come back soon!Jim and his mom were walking down the sidewalk and Jim asked, Where are we going, mommy? She replied, We are going to see something special! With a sparkle in his eye, Jim jumped with glee and marched along. After walking for a few minutes, they arrived at a big building with a symbol on the door. His mom said, This is the place, be careful when we go inside. Confused, Jim looked up to his mom and asked, What are we looking at? Jim followed his mom through the door and into a large basketball court. All around him kids were dribbling, shooting and playing. He could tell they were having the time of their lives. His mom said, Its almost time. Just wait a little while longer.â After a few minutes, the big screen in the middle of the court lit up with a symbol that Jim had seen earlier. His mom looked at him and said, Jim, do you remember the symbol on the door? That was the symbol of Special Olympics. We are here to cheer on some incredible kids. Jim smiled from ear to ear and shouted, Lets go! They both marched onto the court and cheered along with the spectators. Slowly but surely, Jim started to understand why his mom had been so careful when bringing him here. It was an amazing feeling to see so many people coming together to celebrate theOnce upon a time, there was a little girl called Ruby. She was a very curious girl and loved to explore. One day, Ruby went to the beach to look for shells. Suddenly, she saw something on the sand. It was a big, round, metal thing. Ruby was curious and wanted to know what was inside, so she opened it. Just then, a big dolphin jumped out of the metal thing! Ruby was very excited, but the dolphin didnt look very normal. It had rainbow fur and sparkly eyes! Ruby said hello to the dolphin, but the dolphin didnt say anything back. She wondered why, so she started to think. Then, Ruby said, âœMaybe you cant talk because its too loud here on the beach. Lets go somewhere quieter.â Ruby and the dolphin walked away from the beach and went home. When they arrived, the dolphin started to speak. It was so magical! Ruby and the dolphin played together for the rest of the day. From that day forward, Ruby and the dolphin were always friends!Once upon a time, there was a mosquito. He was very popular with the other animals in the forest. Everywhere he went, the other animals wanted to be near him. One day, he wanted to have some fun, so he started to bite the animals. The animals didnt like this very much and shouted, stop! But the mosquito just kept going. He liked the way it felt to bite people. In the end, the animals had to find a new way to keep the mosquito from biting them. They decided to give him a special place in the forest that was just for him, and this made the mosquito happy. So, the mosquito and the other animals lived happily ever after.Once upon a time, there was a baby named Bob. Bob was a very curious baby. He wanted to measure everything! He wanted to measure the walls, the furniture, and even the crib. One day Bob found a long tape measure. He went to the nursery and picked up his crib. He started to measure it and the numbers went higher and higher. When Mommy saw this, she became very upset. She said to Bob, No Bob! We dont measure our cribs! Bob looked at Mommy sadly. He put down the measure and said, OK, Mommy. Im sorry. Mommy smiled and hugged Bob. She said, Its alright Bob, I understand why you were curious. Next time, only measure the things that are okay to measure, okay? Bob nodded and the two went to play. From then on, Bob made sure he only measured the things he was allowed to measure.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play in the park with her friends. One day, she saw a butterfly flying in the sky. It was so pretty and colorful. Lily wanted to catch it and perform a dance with it. She ran after the butterfly, but it was too fast. Suddenly, the butterfly landed on a clear flower. Lily was so happy! She gently held the butterfly and performed her dance. The butterfly flapped its wings and flew away. Lily was sad that the butterfly left, but she was happy that she got to perform with it. She knew that she would see more butterflies in the future.Once upon a time there was a boy and a girl. They wanted to explore the world. One day, they came across an old tap. They were excited to examine it. They touched it and felt something wet and slimy. The boy said, Its slimy! The girl asked him, What is it? The boy looked at the tap and said, I dont know. He was feeling very ignorant. They wanted to learn more about the tap, so they decided to pull it harder. Suddenly, a stream of water came out of the tap. The boy and girl were so surprised! They started playing in the water and had lots of fun. They had an exciting time examining the tap and discovering the stream of water.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She liked to play outside in the snow. One day, she saw a frog hopping in the icy snow. Hello frog, what are you doing? asked Lily. Im looking for a warm place to rest, replied the frog. Im very cold. Lily wondered where the frog could go to stay warm. She thought for a moment and then said, I have an idea! You can come inside my house and rest by the fire. Its very warm and cozy. The frog was very grateful and hopped into Lilys house. He sat by the fire and warmed up. Lily was happy to help the frog and they became good friends. From that day on, the frog would visit Lily often and they would play together in the snow.Once upon a time there was a little girl called Joy. She was only three years old and she loved to play outside. She was always joined by her best friend, Tie the teddy bear. One day, Joy was feeling very anxious. She was worried about something but she couldnt tell what it was. Tie asked her what was wrong. Im scared. I dont want to go outside, Joy said sadly. Tie gave Joy a big hug and said, Dont worry, Im here to join you. We can go outside together and play. Joy smiled and grabbed Ties paw. She was still a little anxious but she was also excited to go outside with her best friend. Together they tied their coats and set off on their adventure.Once upon a time, there was a stable. Inside the stable was a unique horse. The horse was named Charlie and he was always very happy. One day, Charlie decided to try something special. He began to reverse through the stable. He moved backwards, faster and faster! Charlies owner, Bob, was watching him and laughed, what are you doing, Charlie? Charlie turned around and replied, I wanted to see what it felt like to go backwards! Bob laughed again and said, Well, it looks like you are a very unique horse! The next day, Charlie and Bob tried to reverse round the stable again. It took them a while, but they eventually mastered it! They enjoyed their unique activity and kept practising until they became pros.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lily. She lived in a small house with her mom, dad, and dog. One day, Lily wanted to pick apples from a tree. She said, I need a basket to hold the apples. Her dad gave her a big basket. Lily and her dog went to the apple tree. They saw a lot of apples. Lily picked the apples and put them in the basket. Her dog helped her too. When they had a full basket, they went back to the house. Lilys mom looked at the apples and said, Some of these apples are bitter. We should taste them first. They tasted the apples and found the sweet ones. They were happy and ate the sweet apples together.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to pretend that she was a princess, and she would wear a shiny crown and a beautiful dress. One day, she went to her grandmas house and saw a unique tree in the backyard. It had lots of big, round prunes hanging from its branches. Lily asked her grandma, What is that tree, and what are those things hanging from it? Her grandma replied, That is a prune tree, and those are prunes. They are a yummy fruit that we can eat. Lily was curious, so she picked a prune and pretended it was a magic potion. She said, Abracadabra, make me a princess! and took a big bite. Suddenly, she felt like a real princess with a beautiful castle and lots of treasure. From that day on, Lily loved to eat prunes and pretend she was a princess. She even wore her shiny crown while eating them and felt like the most unique princess in the land.Once upon a time, there was a friendly bunny named Benny. Benny loved to hop around the forest and play with his animal friends. One day, Benny found a shiny piece of coal on the ground. He didnt know what it was, but he thought it looked pretty. Later that day, Benny was playing hideandseek with his friends when he heard a loud noise. He looked up and saw a big, dark cloud coming towards them. Benny didnt know what it was, but he knew it didnt look friendly. Suddenly, the cloud got closer and closer, and all of Bennys friends started to vanish one by one. Benny was scared, but he remembered the shiny piece of coal he found earlier. He picked it up and held it tight. Just as the cloud was about to swallow him up, Benny threw the coal at it. The coal hit the cloud and made it vanish, just like that! Bennys friends reappeared, and they all hugged and thanked him for being so brave. From that day on, Benny knew that even the smallest things could make a big difference.John was walking in the park one day. He was an ordinary boy, but he loved looking at the roses. On this day, he saw an unusual rose. It was tall and bright. John stopped and talked to the rose. The rose said, Theres something special I have to tell you. John thought it strange that the rose could talk. He asked the rose what it had to say. The rose looked around then said, When it rains, look for the ordinary rose and it will help you. John didnt understand what the rose meant, but he thanked it for the advice. John kept walking and soon it started to rain. He sought shelter and found an ordinary rose. Suddenly he remembered what the talking rose had said. John thought hard and then realized what it meant. He dashed off to help a friend in need. The ordinary rose had helped John do a very extraordinary thing.Clara and her mom were walking in the park. As they were walking, Clara noticed a small, furry creature looking at them. It quickly ran away. Mom, Clara asked, What was that? That was a mole, her mom replied. They are very fragile animals. Clara knew moles were special and she wanted to find one so she could pet it. She looked around, but she couldnt find one. She kept walking and then blinked. When she looked again, she saw a large mole peeking out of a bush. Theres one! Clara shouted excitedly. She slowly approached the mole and stopped for a moment. The mole was shaking and blinking its eyes. Dont worry, Clara said, I wont hurt you. She held out her hand and the mole slowly came towards her. She petted the mole gently and smiled. Clara knew that she had to treat the mole with extra care because they were so fragile.Once upon a time there was a brave kid called Steve. He was very curious and loved to explore the world. He wanted to try something new every day. One day, his mom gave him a belt. It was red and had shiny buckles. Steve thought it was brilliant! He wanted to try it on straight away. He put it around his waist like a grownup would and he felt so strong! He tried to fasten the belt but it was too hard for him. However, he kept trying and eventually he got it! He was really proud of himself. From that day on, every time Steve wanted to try something, he wore his belt as a reminder to never give up, even if something seemed too hard. It made him feel brave and he could do anything!One day, a little boy named Tim saw an attractive package near his house. It was big and had pretty colors. Tim was very curious and wanted to know what was inside. He tried to catch the package, but it was too heavy for him. So, he called his friend, Sue. Hey Sue, can you help me catch this big package? Tim asked. Sue came running and saw the attractive package too. Together, they tried to catch the package and bring it inside their house. As they opened the package, they found a big, shiny ball. They were so excited to play with it. They took the ball outside and started to throw and catch it. They had so much fun playing together. But then, a big wind came and blew the ball away. Tim and Sue tried to catch it, but it was too fast. The ball went far away and they could not find it. They were very sad. The attractive package and the big, shiny ball were gone. Tim and Sue went back to their house, feeling sad about the bad ending to their day.Once upon a time, a boy named Timmy went for a walk in the forest with his mommy. They saw a stream and Timmy wanted to play with the water. He put his hand in the stream and splashed it around. His mommy told him to be careful and not to get too close to the water. Suddenly, Timmy saw a butterfly and he started to chase it. He ran and ran, but he didnt notice that he was getting further away from his mommy. When he turned around, he realized that he was lost. He started to cry and called out for his mommy. Luckily, a kind man heard Timmys cries and came to help him. He asked Timmy if he was lost and Timmy nodded his head. The man took Timmys hand and brought him back to his mommy. Timmys mommy was very serious and told him to always stay close to her so he wouldnt lose his way again.Once upon a time, there was a smart girl named Liza. She loved to sing and was always interested in fashion. Every morning Liza woke up and sang a happy little song. Her song was always noticed by the neighborhood birds, which would come and join in with their own chirps. One day, Liza had an idea. She decided to make her own fashion show. She carefully selected her best outfits and accessories, and began preparing for the fashion show. She sang a happy little song as she got ready. Finally the day of the fashion show arrived. Everyone was very excited. Liza walked out onto the stage, wearing her finest outfit. The crowd cheered loudly as she twirled around showing them her pretty dress. She finished her routine with a final flourish and sang a beautiful song. The crowd was delighted. Liza had put on a truly amazing show. She was very smart, indeed. From that day on, Liza and her pretty dress became a part of the towns fashionable landscape. And her songs were often heard echoing in the streets.Sara was a big girl who liked to teach her little brother Tom. She taught him how to count, how to draw, and how to play games. She was very proud of him and gave him hugs and kisses. One day, Sara and Tom went to the park with their mom. They saw a big slide, a swing, and a sandbox. Sara wanted to teach Tom how to slide, how to swing, and how to make sandcastles. But Tom was scared of the slide, he did not like the swing, and he hated the sand. He cried and said he wanted to go home. Sara was angry and said, Tom, you are a baby. You dont want to learn anything. You dont know how to have fun. You are missing out on a luxury. I dont want to teach you anymore. Mom heard Sara and said, Sara, that is not nice. Tom is your brother and he loves you. He is not a baby, he is just different from you. He likes other things, like books, puzzles, and music. You should respect his choices and not force him to do what you like. Maybe you can learn something from him too. Teaching is not only about telling, it is also about listening and understanding. Sara felt sorry and said, You are right, mom. I was mean to Tom. I should be more kind and patient. I want to learn from him too. I love him very much. She hugged Tom and said, Im sorry, Tom. I didnt mean to hurt you. You are not a baby, you are a smart boy. You can teach me something too. What do you want to do? Tom smiled and said, I want to read a book with you. It is cold outside, lets go home and cuddle on the couch. Sara agreed and said, That sounds like a luxury to me. Lets go home and read a book together. They held hands and walked home with mom. They learned that teaching and learning are not only about skills, but also about love and respect.Once upon a time, there was a little boy called Tom. Tom loved to wander. Every day, he would wander off in search of fun and adventure. One day, Tom happened upon a big, brightly coloured seat. It was fun and inviting and Tom couldnt help but sit down. As he sank into the seat, he felt a little dizzy. Tom laughed and spun around and around in the seat, feeling the wind in his face. Every day, Tom would wander to the seat and spend hours spinning in it. He would laugh until he felt quite tired and then take a nap in the warm, cosy seat. Finally, when it was time to go home, Tom always felt a little sad. But soon enough, he would be off wandering again and his adventures would begin once more!Mommy was very busy organizing all the toys in the house yesterday. Oh boy, she sighed as she struggled to make sure all the toys were in one spot. Daddy walked in and saw Mommys efforts. Wow! he said. You have been busy organizing! Mommy smiled and said, Yes, I wanted to make sure everything was in the perfect spot. Just then, threeyearold Johnny came running in with a big grin on his face. He saw all the toys and was envious. Can I help organize? he asked. Mommy smiled and said, Yes you can! Come help Mommy put all these toys in the toy box. Johnny happily helped Mommy put all the toys in the toy box. When they were done, Johnny gave Mommy a big hug and said, Mommy, Im so glad I helped you organize yesterday!Once upon a time, there was a little girl who was very sad. She wanted to eat her favorite food, pasta, but there was none. She started to cry. Suddenly, a magical fairy appeared! She could see that the little girl was very sad, so she gave her a big bowl of warm pasta. The girl was so grateful, she stopped crying. She ate the pasta and felt so much better. After eating, the little girl gave the fairy a big hug and thanked her for helping her. The fairy smiled and said, You are very welcome, before flying away. The little girl was so happy that she had her favorite food. And from then on, she was never sad again.Anna and Ben were playing in the park. They saw a big bird with many feathers. Anna wanted to touch the feathers. She ran after the bird. Anna, stop! Ben said. The bird does not like that. It will fly away. But Anna did not listen. She was persistent. She insisted on touching the feathers. She got closer and closer to the bird. The bird saw Anna. It was scared. It flapped its wings and made a loud noise. It flew up in the air. But one feather fell down. Anna saw the feather. She was happy. She picked up the feather. Look, Ben! Anna said. I got a feather! Ben was not happy. He was worried. He saw something else. He saw a big dog. The dog saw the feather. The dog liked the feather. The dog ran after Anna. Anna, watch out! Ben said. The dog wants your feather. It will bite you. But Anna did not hear Ben. She was proud. She held the feather high. She did not see the dog. The dog got closer and closer to Anna. What do you think will happen next?Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to draw pictures of flowers and trees on her paper. One day, she wanted to print her drawings so she asked her mommy for help. Her mommy showed her how to put the paper in the printer and press the button. The printer made a loud noise and printed the picture. Lily was so happy to see her drawing on the paper. Later that day, Lily was playing with her toys and accidentally stepped on a needle. It hurt her foot and made her cry. Her mommy quickly took the needle out and put a bandaid on it. Lily learned to be careful around sharp objects like needles. As the day went on, the weather outside became harsh. The wind was blowing and the rain was pouring down. Lily and her family stayed inside and played games together. They were happy to be safe and warm inside their home.Mummy said, Lets have spaghetti for dinner! But Jack was bored. He didnt want to eat the same dinner every night. So he asked Mummy, Can I have something else tonight? Mummy said, No, its spaghetti night. But to make it more exciting, why dont we dance while we eat? Jack was excited! He jumped up, laughing, and they started to dance. They twirled around the room, spinning and swaying, with the spaghetti twirling around on their plates. They laughed and danced until they were both out of breath. Then they sat down and smiled at each other. Jack said, I love having spaghetti. Its not boring anymore!The frog jumped into the pool with a loud shout. It splashed slowly around in the water. It saw a tiny fish and yelled, Come join the fun! But the fish was too slow and the frog hopped around faster and faster. Lets have a race! shouted the frog. The tiny fish said it would try. The frog hopped away and the fish swam slowly behind it. Both of them zipped around the pool and went faster and faster. The frog then saw a worm and yelled, Im winning! The tiny fish swam as fast as it could but it was still too slow. Finally, the frog crossed the finish line, winning the race. Both the frog and the fish were so happy they shouted together, Yippee!One day, a brave little boy named Tim went to the store with his mom. He wanted to buy some juice. When they got to the store, Tim saw many kinds of juice. He wanted to pick the best one. At the store, Tim met another boy named Max. Max said, I want that juice too! They both wanted the same juice. Tim thought for a moment and said, Lets be fair. We can both have some juice. Tim and Max decided to share the juice. They were both happy. As they walked away, Tim tripped and the juice fell. The bottle broke and juice went everywhere. Tim felt sad, but Max said, Dont worry, we can clean it up together. Tim and Max worked together to clean up the juice. They were both brave and kind. In the end, they became good friends and learned that sharing is better than fighting.Tom and Sam were brothers who liked to play cowboys and robbers. They had a toy pistol that made a loud noise when they pulled the trigger. One day, they found a real pistol in their dads closet. It was filthy and rusty, but they thought it looked cool. Lets play with this pistol, Tom said. It will be more fun than the toy one. No, Tom, we cant, Sam said. Dad said we should never touch his pistol. It is dangerous and can hurt us or someone else. Come on, Sam, dont be a baby, Tom said. I know how to use it. It will be fun. I will encourage you to be brave and try it. Tom took the pistol and pointed it at a can on the fence. He pulled the trigger, but nothing happened. He tried again, but still nothing. He got angry and shook the pistol. Stupid pistol, why wont you work? he shouted. Suddenly, the pistol went off with a loud bang. The bullet hit the can and made a hole in it. Tom and Sam were shocked and scared. They dropped the pistol and ran inside the house. They heard their dad coming home and saw him find the pistol and the can. He was very angry and worried. He called them and asked them what they had done. Were sorry, Dad, Tom and Sam said. We found your pistol and wanted to play with it. We didnt know it was real and could shoot. Dad hugged them and said, Im glad youre not hurt, but you did a very bad thing. You should never touch a pistol or any other weapon. They are not toys, they are tools for grownups who know how to use them safely and responsibly. You could have hurt yourselves or someone else. You should always listen to me and follow the rules. Do you understand? Yes, Dad, we understand, Tom and Sam said. Were sorry, we wont do it again. Dad said, I forgive you, but you have to promise me you will never touch a pistol or any other weapon again. And you have to do some chores to make up for your mistake. Now go and wash your hands, they are filthy from the pistol. Tom and Sam nodded and went to wash their hands. They learned their lesson and never played with a pistol or any other weapon again. They also learned to encourage each other to do good things, not bad things.One day, Little Bob went out for a walk. His mom said he could bring one special toy and he chose his stuffed puppy. As he was walking, he counted the mailboxes on his street. He counted 1, 2, 3, 4 and quickly lost count. Little Bob was so busy counting mailboxes, he didnât notice he was heading to the veterinarianâs office. When he got there, he was very curious. He put his stuffed puppy on the counter and the polite lady veterinarian behind the counter smiled warmly. She asked him, âœHow can I help you?â Little Bob said, âI am trying to number the mailboxes on my streetâ The lady veterinarian was very understanding and kindly gave him some advice. She said, âœIf you count 1, 2, 3, 4 and then start again from 1, it might be easierâ Little Bob thought it was a great idea and thanked the lady veterinarian for her help before he headed back home to count the mailboxes.One day, a tough dog named Max found a big barrel. He wanted to spend time playing with it. So, he pushed it with his nose and it rolled down the hill. He barked and ran after it, wagging his tail. As the barrel rolled, a little cat named Lily saw it too. She thought it was a fun game. She said, Lets play together, Max! Max agreed, and they both chased the barrel, laughing and having fun. Finally, the barrel stopped at the bottom of the hill. Max and Lily were tired but happy. They spent the whole day playing with the barrel and became good friends.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to help her mommy in the kitchen. One day, her mommy said, Lily, can you help me prepare dinner tonight? Lily was very excited and asked, What are we making, mommy? We are making spaghetti, replied her mommy. Lily helped her mommy handle the spaghetti noodles and put them in the pot to cook. She also helped her mommy make the sauce by stirring it with a big spoon. After dinner was ready, Lilys mommy said, Lily, can you help me clean up the dishes? Lily replied, Yes, mommy! As she was washing the dishes, she accidentally dropped a dull knife on the floor. Her mommy quickly picked it up and said, Be careful, Lily. We need to handle sharp objects with care. From that day on, Lily always remembered to be careful when handling sharp objects.Anna and Ben are friends. They like to play in the park. One day, they find a map on a bench. The map has a big X on it. Look, a map! Anna says. Maybe it is a treasure map! Lets follow it! Ben says. Maybe we can find gold or jewels! They take the map and start to walk. They follow the lines and arrows on the map. They go past the swings, the slide, the pond and the bridge. They come to a big tree. The X is here! Anna says. The treasure must be under the tree! They dig with their hands and their sticks. They dig and dig, but they find nothing. Where is the treasure? Ben asks. Did someone take it? Suddenly, they hear a laugh. They look up and see a boy in the tree. He is holding a camera. Gotcha! the boy says. It was a joke! I made the map and put it on the bench. I wanted to see if you would fall for it. I filmed everything. It is so funny! Anna and Ben are angry. They do not like the boys joke. They think it is mean and silly. That is not funny! Anna says. That is rude! You made us waste our time and get dirty! Yeah! Ben says. You are not nice! You are a bully! We do not want to play with you! They throw the map at the boy and run away. They go back to the park and play with their other friends. They forget about the boy and his joke. They have fun and laugh. They are brave and smart. They do not let the boys joke ruin their day. They are happy.Once upon a time, there was a big cabinet in a house. The cabinet was very fragile and could break easily. One day, a little girl was playing near the cabinet when she accidentally knocked it over. The cabinet fell down and started to rot because it was made of old wood. The little girl felt very sad and scared because she thought she had done something wrong. But then her mommy came and said it was okay and they would fix the cabinet together. The little girl felt much better and learned that accidents happen sometimes, but its important to be careful and ask for help when something goes wrong.One day, Jack and Jane were in their backyard having a great time playing together. Jack called out to Jane, Lets go explore the forest! Jane agreed and the two ran off together. They went deep into the forest, discovering new things and having a wonderful time. Soon, they stumbled across a small pond where they spotted a beautiful swan. The swan swam around the pond in the most playful way. Jack and Jane watched in awe. Jack then called out to the swan, Hello Swan! Can we be your friends? The swan replied, Sure! My name is Grace and I make this pond my home. I love swimming, playing and exploring. Life is about having fun. It should be spent being playful and enjoying the world around you! Jack and Jane learnt that playing and exploring were important aspects of life. From then on, they immersed themselves in playful activities and explored their surroundings more often.Once upon a time, there was a horse named Brownie. Brownie lived in a stable with his friends. They ate hay and ran around the fields. One day, Brownie was feeling sad. His friend, Spot, asked him why he was sad. Brownie replied, I want to be a good horse and run fast like the others. Spot said, Imagine you are already a good horse. You can do it! Brownie thought about it and felt better. The next day, Brownie ran faster than ever before. His friends were amazed and cheered for him. From that day on, Brownie knew that he could be a good horse if he believed in himself. He always remembered to imagine himself as a good horse, and he became the fastest horse in the stable. The moral of the story is that if you believe in yourself, you can be anything you want to be.One day, there was a girl and her horse. The girl was named Annie, and her horse was named Ricky. They were both very eager to go outside, but Annie began to feel sad because she had nowhere to go. One morning, Annie and Ricky decided to go for a ride. As they were walking along, they saw something from far away. It was a beautiful carnival that had just opened up in the neighbourhood! Annie was very glad, and she grabbed Rickyâs mane with excitement. They soon arrived at the carnival, and Annie felt absolutely thrilled. She could barely contain her excitement. She shouted, âœRicky, letâs go!â They quickly ran to the top of the Ferris wheel, and before she knew it, they were spinning very high in the air. Annie and Ricky looked down in awe, with the world spinning all around them. When they arrived back home, Annie was glad. She finally had a place to go, and it was so much fun. She said to Ricky, âœIâm so happy we went to the carnivalâ. Ricky nodded his head and whinnied in agreement. They both knew it was a day to remember.One day, the little boy was excited because there was a festival. He put on his best clothes and went to the festival. He was so happy with the pretty sights and sounds. The music was very impressive and everyone was having a great time. The little boy had a great time playing. He made some new friends and played some fun games. Suddenly, he started to sneeze! He covered his nose with a tissue and asked his new friends for some water. They rushed over to get him some water and he thanked them. The little boys friends were so impressed. They thought it was very kind of him to clean his nose before carrying on with the festival. He was glad that he still had friends to play with and thanked them again. The little boy had a great day at the festival, and was so happy to make new friends!Once upon a time, there was a morning sun. It shone down on a small kitchen where two little friends were busy. Lets cook some breakfast! said one. Sure! said the other. The two got to work. One friend put an iron in some water, and the other took some food from the fridge. Ill make some eggs! said the first friend. But I need something to cook them on! The second friend went to the closet and took out a flexible pan. This pan is perfect! he said. Lets cook! So the two friends cooked some eggs. They stirred them up with a spoon until they were ready. Finally, they both sat down to eat. It was a delicious breakfast that they had cooked together!Once upon a time, there was a selfish little girl named Sally. Sally never wanted to share her toys with anyone, not even with her best friend. One day, Sally got a cold, and she sneezed and sneezed. She was so stuffy she couldnt even play with her toys anymore. Her mom got her a nice, soft rag and said, âœSally, use this to wipe your nose and keep yourself clean.â But Sally, who was so selfish, wouldnt even share her rag with her friend when they made houses out of blocks together. She said, âœThis rag is only for me.â Fortunately, Sally had a mom who was wise and kind. She reminded Sally that its important to share and to not always be so selfish. So Sally finally shared her rag and they both felt happy. The End.Once upon a time there was a neat little duckling. She was so small and fluffy, a lovely pink colour. Each day she would look for food, quacking to all her feathered friends. One day the duckling spotted something new in the pond. It was a funny looking machine with lots of buttons and gadgets! She clicked a button and out popped a loaf of bread. The duckling was delighted and started to munch away. Just then a friendly voice called out from the machine, Good morning duckling! I love to provide yummy food for my feathered friends! The little duckling knew she was in luck! From then on the machine would provide her with plenty of yummy food to eat each day. She was so happy and quacked with delight! The little duckling soon learnt that the machine was operated by a very kind lady. The duckling felt so thankful and visited the lady every day, knowing that she would always be provided with lovely food to eat.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the sun. One day, she saw a shiny rock on the ground. It made her smile because it was so pretty and it shone in the sun. When Lily went back inside her house, she went to the refrigerator to get a cold drink of water. She opened the door and felt the cold air. It made her shiver, but she was happy to have a nice, cold drink. Later that day, Lily went back outside and found that the shiny rock was still there. She picked it up and put it in her pocket. She knew that it would make her smile every time she saw it shine.Once upon a time there was a rabbit who was very alert. She was always watching to see what animals were around. One day she was out hopping in the grass when she heard a loud noise. It was a hammer. Hello! she said, Who is there? The hammer answered back. Its me, he said. I am a hammer and I am here to help build something. The rabbit thought this was a great idea. She crawled over to the hammer to take a closer look. What are you making? she asked. The hammer replied, I am building a house for the other animals. We have to work together to get it done in time. The rabbit was so excited that she started helping the hammer. Together they worked to build the house and soon it was finished. All the animals were so grateful for the new house and they thanked the rabbit and the hammer. The rabbit was alert and happy that she had been able to help out. She hopped away into the sunset, and all the animals were happy.Once upon a time, there was a shy little girl named Lily. She loved to eat sweet things, especially sugar. One day, Lily found a big jar of sugar in the kitchen. She was very happy and wanted to eat some. Lily tried to open the jar, but it was too tight. She asked her big brother, Tom, for help. Tom, can you open this jar for me, please? Tom was strong and opened the jar easily. Be careful, Lily. Dont break the jar, he warned her. Lily was so excited to eat the sugar that she didnt listen to Toms warning. She took a big spoon and tried to get some sugar out. But she was not careful, and the jar slipped from her hands. It fell to the floor and broke into many pieces. Sugar was everywhere! Lily was sad and knew she should have listened to Tom. From that day on, she promised to be more careful and listen to her big brother.Once upon a time, there was a dad and his daughter. They went to the park to play. The dad had a ball and he set it down on the ground. The daughter picked it up and threw it back to her dad. They played catch for a while, but then the sky got dull and it started to rain. The dad and daughter went home, but they were happy because they had fun playing together.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys and dolls all day long. One day, her mom asked her to help with some chores around the house. Lily was busy playing with her dolls and didnt want to help. But her mom said, Lily, can you please help me? I need you to pick up your toys and put them away. Lily replied, But mom, Im busy playing with my dolls. Cant you do it? Her mom said, I cant do everything, Lily. I provide you with a home and toys to play with, but you need to help me too. Lily understood and picked up her toys. As she was putting them away, she noticed a cord on the floor. She picked it up and asked her mom what it was for. Her mom explained, Thats a cord for the vacuum cleaner. It helps us clean the floor. Lily was happy to help and even offered to help her mom with the vacuuming. From that day on, Lily learned that helping her mom was important and made her feel good too.Once upon a time, in a small house, there lived a girl named Lucy. She had a flute that she loved to play. One day, she went to the park and took her flute with her. She played and played until it was time to go home. At home, Lucy noticed her flute was gone! She was sad and told her mom, I lost my flute. Her mom said, Dont worry, we will return to the park and find it. They went back to the park and looked everywhere. They found the flute under a big tree. Lucy was happy and played her flute. But the sound was sour. A man heard her and said, I can fix your flute. He took the flute and cleaned it. Lucy played again, and the sound was sweet. She thanked the man and returned home with her mom, playing her flute all the way.Jack and his twin, Jill, were walking home from the playground one day. Jack noticed a thin branch on the ground and decided to remove it from their path. He looked over to Jill and asked, Jill, want to help me remove that thin branch? Jill smiled and said, Yes! Lets remove it together! Jack and Jill both grabbed the thin branch and carefully started to pull it up. Suddenly, the branch snapped in two and the twins were left with two thin pieces. Jack smiled and said, Jill, I think we should keep the thin branches! Jill was surprised but agreed. She picked up one piece while Jack held the other and they both ran home. Once inside, Jack and Jill brought the thin branches over to their toy box. They carefully arranged the thin branches so that the two pieces made a great bridge for their toy cars to drive over. Now, the twins smile every time they play and remember how they worked together to remove the thin branch from their path.Once upon a time, there was a poor little cube. One day, the lonely cube wanted to jump around so he decided to try it out. He jumped up, up, and up! Suddenly, the cube heard a voice. He looked around and then saw a little girl. She smiled and said Hello cube! My name is Susan. Would you like to play? The cube was so excited and he nodded his little block head. Yes, I would love to play! The cube and little Susan played all day. They jumped and jumped and jumped. But soon, the sun began to set and it was time for Susan to go home. The cube waved goodbye to Susan and said Come back soon! And then the poor little cube jumped up in the air, feeling happy and content.Once upon a time there was a hunter. He walked through a peaceful forest, looking for something. He came to a pond and looked around. Suddenly, he heard a voice! It was a frog. The hunter said, Hello, little frog. What are you doing out here? The frog replied, Im looking for something too! Im looking for my friend. The hunter asked, Will you let me help you find your friend? The frog smiled and said Yes! So the hunter and the frog began to follow a trail around the pond. They looked everywhere, but they couldnt find the frogs friend. Just then, they heard a loud croak! It was the frogs friend! The hunter and the frog were so happy to find the missing frog. They all hugged each other and then went off together, enjoying the peaceful forest.Once upon a time there was a bridge. It was big and dependable. It was there to help people get from one side of the river to the other. One day, the bridge was in danger! It was being taken away by the river and it was in danger of disappearing forever. The people wanted to save the bridge. They worked and worked together to make it strong and safe. They worked hard and together they saved the bridge. The bridge was now safe and dependable again. People could use it to get to the other side of the river. They all cheered, because the bridge was saved! The end.Once upon a time, there was a track. The track was very attractive. Every day, many little children would come and play on the track. One day, a group of children were playing a game. It was called Number Track. They had to count from 1 to 10 and race around the track. The first little boy had a head start, but the second was very fast. He passed the first little boy and ran all the way around the track. The group of children cheered for the little boy and hugged him. Together, they all played the Number Track game until it was time to go home. The children had so much fun on the Number Track, and they went home tired and happy.Once upon a time there was a little bird who loved to fly. Every day the bird would fly high in the sky and sing her sweet songs. One day the bird was getting tired from all her flying, so she decided to take a nap. She looked for a place to take a nap and finally she found the perfect spot. She settled down in the grass and made herself really comfortable. The bird closed her eyes, ready for a long and deep nap. Suddenly, a small voice said, Excuse me, can I join you for your nap? The bird opened her eyes and saw a little bug had come to join her. They both snuggled up together in the warm grass and started to take a long, deep nap. And so, the little bird and the little bug cuddled up and took a deep, peaceful nap, safe and secure in the warm grass.Once upon a time there was a girl called Daisy. Daisy was only 3 years old, but she was very wise. One day, Daisy was feeling sad because she had forgotten something very important. She really wanted to remember, but she couldnt find the answer. But then Daisy remembered something her mom had said Some truths are hard to understand, but remember to never give up. Daisy smiled and felt happy again. The next day, Daisy decided to go for a walk in the park. She felt so peaceful, it seemed like all her worries had gone away. She started to notice all the beautiful things around herthe trees, the birds, the sunshine. But then something odd caught her eye. It was an empty spot in the middle of the grass. Daisy wondered what could have been there before, but she soon realized that this empty spot held the truth she had been looking for all along. Daisy smiled. She had finally remembered.Once upon a time, there were two friends, a and b, who lived in a village next to the sea. Every day, they would do things together, like running and playing. One day, a had a surprise for b. He took him to the sea and pointed out a yummy fish swimming in the water. b was so excited! However, a told b to not eat any fish from the sea, because it would not be kind to our friends, the fish. So, they decided to play games in the sand instead! From this story, we can learn that while itâs OK to be excited and surprised by something, we must also remember to be kind to all of our friends, big and small.Once upon a time there was a little girl called Mary. Mary was very sweet and always happy. One day Mary saw a drawer. Inside the drawer was a little puppy. It was very adorable. Mary said, Can I lend the puppy? Her mum said, Yes, you can. The puppy had a little collar and was very nice. Mary took the puppy and played with him all day. The puppy was so happy to be with Mary and they had so much fun together. They went for a walk and played in the garden. Mary said goodbye to the puppy at the end of the day. She hugged the puppy and said, Thank you for lending me your pup today. The puppy was so happy to hear this and it jumped around thanks to Marys kindness. Mary was very happy and gave the pup one last hug before putting it back in its drawer.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy lived on a ranch with his mommy and daddy. One day, Timmys daddy said, Its so hot outside, lets go inside and cool off. Timmy thought for a moment and said, I think we should go swimming in the pond. Daddy thought that was a good idea, so they put on their swimsuits and headed to the pond. The water was cool and refreshing, and Timmy had so much fun splashing around. After they were done swimming, they went back inside to cool off some more. Timmys mommy gave him a popsicle to help him cool down. It was so cold and yummy, Timmy thought it was the best thing ever. From that day on, whenever it was hot outside, Timmy would think about going swimming in the pond. It was his favorite thing to do on the ranch.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to eat grapes, especially the purple ones. One day, she saw a grape on the ground and picked it up. She wondered if it was still good to eat. Lily tried the grape and it was delicious! She was so happy that she found a yummy grape. But then, she dropped the grape and it rolled away. Lily searched and searched for the grape, but it was persistent in hiding from her. Finally, Lily found the grape under a chair. She was so happy to find it again and ate it right away. From then on, Lily always made sure to hold onto her grapes tightly so they wouldnt roll away again.Ben and Lily were twins who liked to play games. One day, they decided to play a guessing game with their mom. Mom gave them a big box and said, There is something inside the box that you both love. You can ask me yes or no questions to guess what it is. Whoever guesses first gets to have it. Ben and Lily were excited and started to ask questions. Is it a toy? Ben asked. No, it is not a toy, Mom said. Is it a book? Lily asked. No, it is not a book, Mom said. They asked more questions, but they could not guess what was in the box. Mom smiled and said, Do you want a hint? Ben and Lily nodded eagerly. Mom said, It is something you can eat, and it is yellow and curved. Ben and Lily thought hard. Then, Ben shouted, I know! It is a banana! Mom opened the box and showed him a big, ripe banana. Ben was happy and reached for the banana. But then, he saw Lilys face. She looked sad and disappointed. She also liked bananas, but she did not guess first. Ben felt sorry for his sister. He remembered that Mom always taught them to share and be kind. He said, Lily, do you want to share the banana with me? We can split it in half and eat it together. Lily smiled and hugged Ben. She said, Thank you, Ben. You are a good brother. I am grateful for you. Mom was proud of Ben and Lily. She said, You are both very smart and generous. I love you both very much. She gave them each a half of the banana and a kiss. The moral of the story is It is better to share and be kind than to be greedy and selfish. The foreshadowing or setup is when Mom says that there is something in the box that they both love, and the payoff is when Ben decides to share the banana with Lily.Once upon a time, there was a little dog named Spot. Spot loved to play and discover new things. One day, Spot went for a walk with his family. They went to the park and played with a ball. Spot was very happy. While playing, Spot saw a big rock. He wanted to discover what was behind it. Spot ran to the rock and tried to climb it. But he slipped and fell down. Spot felt hurt and started to cry. His family heard him cry and ran to help him. They tried to make Spot feel better, but he was still hurt. They took him home and put a bandage on him, but Spot didnt want to play or discover anymore. Spot was sad and stayed in his bed, and his family was sad too. They all wished they could make Spot happy again, but they couldnt. The end.Once upon a time there was a little boy with an ugly spirit. He was so sad and alone, he felt like he didnât fit in. One day, he was walking in the forest when he came across an old wooden door. He opened the door, curious to see what might be inside. But as soon as he did, a strange spirit appeared. The boy was scared and wanted to close the door, but the spirit didnt want him to leave! He begged the spirit to let him pass, but the spirit said no. The boy was very frustrated and desperate. He didnât know what to do. He closed his eyes and wished for someone to help him, just then the wind blew and a kind Fairy appeared. She said, âœDo not be afraid, I am here to help you.â She waved her wand and the spirit disappeared. The boy was so relieved, he thanked the Fairy and she said, âœRemember, stay strong, be brave and never give up.â And with that, the Fairy vanished. The little boy was so happy, he could now go home. He made a promise to himself to never give up and from that day forward, he was never afraid again.Jake loved to jog. Every morning, he woke up and put on his running shoes. Then he would run around the park. One day, he saw something disgusting on the ground. It was too much for him to handle, so he quit jogging. He tried to find something else to do, but nothing worked out. He was sad because he missed his daily jog. He asked his mom if he could go back to his jog. His mom thought that was a great idea. She told Jake he could jog, but warned him to be careful. She said he should stay away from anything that looked disgusting. So Jake started to jog again. Each morning, he put on his running shoes and went on his daily jog. Jake made sure he stayed away from anything that seemed disgusting. He liked that he could get his morning jog in each day.Once upon a time there was a lonely volcano. He lived up on a high hill in the middle of a vast, deserted valley. Every night, he would sit on the hilltop and look out into the dark, empty landscape. The volcano felt terribly lonely and wanted some company. One night, he found a voice. It was arguing with itself. When the volcano asked who was talking, the voice replied that it was only a small bird. The bird had been flying around all night looking for a place to rest. But the volcano made too much noise so the bird kept on flying. The volcano felt sorry for the bird and invited it to stay with him on the hilltop. The bird accepted, and the two of them talked until the sun began to rise. The bird told the volcano stories of its travels and the volcano listened. Every night when the sun went down, the volcano and the bird would talk until morning came. Then one night, instead of talking, the bird started to complain about how cold and lonely it was up on the hilltop. The volcano felt terrible. He was so sorry to hear the bird complain and wanted to make things better. The volcano said to the bird that it could come and stay in the big hollow beneath his peak. The bird accepted, and from then on, the volcano and the bird were friends. The lonely volcano had a companion and was never alone again.Once upon a time, there was a kid named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his toys and run around outside. One day, Timmys mom took him to the store to buy some candy. But when they got there, Timmy couldnt find his favorite candy. Timmy started to weep because he was so sad that he couldnt find his candy. His mom tried to help him find it, but they looked everywhere and couldnt find it. Timmy was confused and didnt know what to do. But then, Timmys mom had an idea. She suggested they try a different store to find the candy. Timmy was happy again and they went to another store. And guess what? They found the candy! Timmy was so happy that he stopped weeping and gave his mom a big hug.One day, a little girl named Lisa was playing in her garden. She saw a mysterious hippo and said, Hi, hippo! The hippo said, Hi, Lisa. Would you like to stay and play with me? Lisa was excited and said, Yes! I would love to stay and play with you. So, the two of them stayed and played together for the rest of the day. Every time Lisa wanted to go, the hippo would encourage her to stay a little longer and play. At the end of the day, the hippo said, Remember, Lisa, it is important to spend quality time together and have fun. Dont be so hasty to run away if you have an opportunity to stay and play. Lisa understand the hippos advice and realized that it was precious. She thanked the mysterious hippo for the wonderful day and they said goodbye. The moral of the story is that it is important to always find time to play and enjoy good company. Dont be so quick to move away if someone invites you to stay and have fun.Once upon a time, there was a woman named Lily. She loved to go for walks in the park. One day, she met a rude man who said mean things to her. The woman asked, Why are you being rude to me? The man replied, I dont like people who go for walks in the park. The woman didnt let the mans words hurt her feelings. She continued to go for walks in the park every day. One day, the man saw the woman again and apologized for being rude. He said, I was wrong to say mean things to you. Can we be friends? The woman smiled and said, Of course! Im happy to go for a walk with you. And from that day on, they went for walks in the park together and became good friends.Once upon a time there was a silly ladybug. He was very famous, but also very tired. He wanted to take a nap so he decided to find a nice place to rest. He flew over a meadow until he came across a bright and sunny spot. The ladybug settled down and was just about to take a nap when he heard a voice. Whos there? asked the voice. The ladybug opened his eyes and saw a dragonfly nearby. The dragonfly had lots of power and immediately the ladybug got scared. The dragonfly shook his wings. You are not allowed to nap here. This is my spot! he said. The ladybug was too tired to argue so he flew away and went to look for another place to take a nap. The ladybug flew and flew but he couldnt find a place to nap in peace. He eventually began to feel really tired and just before he could fall asleep he heard a voice again. It was the dragonfly! He had followed the ladybug and was there to stop him from napping! The bad news was that the dragonfly succeeded. The ladybug was too exhausted to fly away so he had to just sit there, wide awake and unable to rest. The moral of the story is that if you are famous, you might find it hard to take a nap in peace!Once upon a time, there was a lady who was very lonely. She wanted to get married and she wanted a rod to go fishing. But she was helpless and had no way of getting what she wanted. One day, she went out for a walk and saw a man walking down the street. She asked him if he wanted to marry her and he said yes! She was so happy. The man said he would get her a rod for fishing. She went looking for a rod but the shop was closed. She was feeling helpless and didnt know what to do. Suddenly, the man appeared out of nowhere! He had managed to find a rod and he gave it to her with a smile. She was so happy that she hugged him and they got married. And they both lived happily ever after fishing with their rod!Once upon a time there was a train called The Little Rail. Every day he loved to load up with exciting things. One day, the Little Rail decided to load up with something extra special. He loaded up with funny things! Bubbles, giant bouncy balls and funny hats were all loaded on to the Little Rail. Everyone had so much fun on his journey. Children laughed as they played with the funny things. Soon, the Little Rail reached his destination. Everyone had enjoyed the funny journey! Everyone wanted to take The Little Rail again soon and they promised they would do just that!Once there was a little boy who loved animals. He wanted to find a fierce animal, so he set out on a hike in the woods. He walked for a long time and eventually, he saw something coming towards him. He got closer and realized it was a tiger! He was scared and wanted to run, but he wanted to take a look. The tiger was so fierce! He was almost trembling, but he kept looking at the tiger all the same. He stayed still, and the tiger started to come closer and closer. The little boy was scared, but he wanted to take a look. He was amazed by the tigers beauty, and he watched as it slowly passed by. When it was gone, the little boy was so relieved and happy that he had seen such a fantastic animal. He sat in the woods for a while, thinking about his journey, when suddenly he heard a sound from behind. He turned around and there was the tiger again! It was coming back for him! He was scared, but he stayed still and watched. The tiger came closer and closer. He was about to run for it when the tiger stopped and just looked at the boy. It looked at him with a fierce gaze, and the little boy slowly started to smile. He knew that the tiger was not going to hurt him. He thanked it for the wondrous experience and the tiger slowly walked away. The little boy went home, happy and with a story hed never forget.Molly and her Mom were in the attic. Molly was excited to see what was there. Mom said the attic might be cool. Molly looked around and saw lots of boxes and things. Mom said it was time to look for support. They looked together and found lots of things. Molly felt the walls, and she thought it was cool! Then, she found a box of support in the corner. Mom said it was just what they need. Molly was so happy to get the support from the attic. Then, they went back downstairs to finish their work.Once upon a time there was an ice cream cone. The cone was round and white and it had beautiful colourful sprinkles all over it. The cone was very happy with its life, it was glad to be alive. One day it decided to take a stroll in the sun. It felt so good in the warm summer air. Along the way, the cone saw a cabbage. The cabbage said Hey cone, why havent you melted yet? The cone replied Im glad that Im still here, I love the sun! But soon the sun became too hot, and the cone started to rot. The cone said sadly Oh no, Im melting away. The cabbage was sad to see the cone rot away. It said Dont worry cone! I will always remember you. The cone smiled and waved goodbye as it melted away.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved peanuts very much. One day, she found a big, heavy bag of peanuts. Lily was so happy! Lily wanted to eat the peanuts, but she wanted to make them last. So, she decided to eat just a few peanuts each day. She noticed that the more she ate, the heavier the bag felt. This was strange and interesting. As the days went by, Lily kept eating peanuts. The bag kept getting heavier, and the peanuts seemed to increase. She shared the peanuts with all her friends. They all enjoyed the neverending, heavy bag of peanuts together. And they all lived happily ever after.Once there was a little boy. His name was Stanley and he was three years old. Stanley loved to go outside and play. One day he wanted to take his toy motor out for a ride. He gathered up his toy motor and went to the garden. When Stanley put his motor down in the garden, he saw that it was broken! He tried to work on it but he didnât know how. He was so sad and he felt so hungry because he had spent so muct time trying to fix the motor. He looked around but there was nobody to help him. Just then he heard a voice. âœDo you need help?â, it said. Stanley had never seen this person before but the voice was so kind. He looked up and saw a friendly lady. The lady showed Stanley how to fix his motor and he was so happy! He thanked the lady for her help and she smiled at him. They said goodbye and Stanley quickly rode his motor around the garden. He was so glad his motor was working again. He was happy and relieved.Once there was a little girl. She had something in her mouth and she was chewing it. It was a yummy reward. It was very different in taste than anything she had ever eaten before. She liked the way it felt in her mouth as she chewed it. The little girl was so happy that she smiled and clapped her hands together. She decided to share her reward with her family. She gave some to her brothers and sisters. They all loved it! They were so happy with their reward that they rewarded the little girl with big hugs and kisses. The little girl was so excited that she ran around her house twice. She had been given the best reward ever for being such a good girl delicious, different food!Lily and Ben are twins. They like to play with their toys. But they do not like to sort their toys. They leave them all over the floor. Mom and Dad are not happy. One day, Mom and Dad have news. They say they are going to have a baby. Lily and Ben are excited. They want to see the baby. Mom and Dad say the baby will come soon. They say they need to make room for the baby. They say Lily and Ben need to sort their toys. Lily and Ben do not want to sort their toys. They say they have too many toys. They say it is hard to sort them. They say they do not know where to put them. Mom and Dad say they can help. They say they can give some toys to other kids who do not have toys. They say they can keep some toys in a large box. They say they can put some toys in their closet. Lily and Ben think about it. They decide to sort their toys. They pick the toys they love the most. They put them in their closet. They pick the toys they like a little. They put them in the large box. They pick the toys they do not play with anymore. They give them to Mom and Dad. Mom and Dad say they will take them to a place where other kids can have them. Lily and Ben feel good. They see their floor is clean. They see they have more space. They see they have done a nice thing. They hug Mom and Dad. They say they are ready for the baby. Mom and Dad smile. They say they are proud of Lily and Ben. They say they have learned to sort and to share. They say they have shown love and kindness. They say they are a happy family.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved playing outside in the sun, but today was different. The sky was dark and the wind was strong. Her mom said, We should go inside, Lily. A storm is coming. Lily replied, But I want to play outside. Its so busy and fun! Her mom said, We can return outside when the storm is over. Lily didnt want to go inside, but she listened to her mom. They went inside and waited for the storm to pass. After a while, the storm stopped and the sun came out. Lily was happy and said, Lets go outside now! But when they went outside, they saw that the storm had caused a lot of damage. Lilys favorite tree had fallen and her swing was broken. Lily was sad and said, I wish we didnt have to go inside. Then my tree and swing would be okay. Her mom replied, Sometimes we have to listen to grownups, even if we dont want to. It keeps us safe.Sara and Tom are twins. They like to play outside. But today the weather is cold and rainy. Mom says they have to wear coats and boots. I dont want to wear this coat! Sara says. It is ugly and itchy. I want to wear my pink dress. You cant wear your dress, Sara, Tom says. It is too wet and muddy. You will get sick and dirty. And your dress is expensive. Mom will be mad. I dont care, Sara says. I want to look pretty. You are silly and boring. You always wear the same coat and boots. Sara runs to her room and puts on her dress. She sneaks out of the door and goes to the yard. She jumps in a puddle and laughs. Tom follows her and sees her dress. He is shocked and angry. He runs to her and tries to pull her back. Stop, Sara, stop! he says. You are ruining your dress. Come inside. Mom will be here soon. Leave me alone, Tom! Sara says. You are mean and rude. I dont want to play with you. Go away. They start to fight and push each other. They fall in the mud and get wet and dirty. They cry and scream. Mom comes home and sees them. She is shocked and angry. She takes them inside and scolds them. What have you done, Sara and Tom? she says. You are both in trouble. You have to clean up and say sorry. And Sara, your dress is expensive. You have to pay for it with your allowance. Sara and Tom feel bad and ashamed. They apologize to Mom and to each other. They hug and make up. They promise to listen to Mom and to wear the right clothes for the weather.Once, there was a boy. He liked to rush around and play. One day he had to rush very quickly to go to school. He grabbed his socks but forgot they were still in the dryer! He was in a rush and couldnt wait, so he went without them. When he got to school, he was embarrassed! Everyone was looking at him and he knew he must have forgotten something important. Then he remembered his socks! He rushed to the office and asked politely for a pair of socks. They kindly gave him a pair of super cosy socks he was so happy that he hurried back to class! The boy was so glad he had remembered something very important his socks. From that day, he was always sure to put his socks in the right place before he rushed out the door!Once there was a little boy named Ted. He loved to explore his neighbourhood and one day he decided to go on a big adventure. He grabbed his favourite basket and began carrying it around the neighbourhood. He passed by a farmers field and some pretty trees but eventually he found himself in a thick forest. Suddenly, Ted tripped and fell down, hurting his ankle. He cried out in pain, but there was nobody around to help. He couldnt carry his basket any more, so he put it down and tried to limp home. Just as Ted was about to give up, he heard a voice. It was the farmer! The farmer had heard Teds cries and had followed him into the forest. He fixed Teds ankle and then carried the heavy basket for Ted. The farmer then helped Ted all the way back home. Ted thanked the farmer and never strayed from home again at least not without his trusted basket!Once upon a time, there was a pretty butterfly. She had colorful wings that looked like a pastel drawing. She flew around the flowers and trees, looking for sweet nectar to drink. One day, the butterfly saw a sharp thorn on a rose bush. She tried to fly past it, but her wing got caught. She was stuck and couldnt fly away. The butterfly felt scared and sad. But then, a graceful bird saw the butterfly and came to help. The bird gently removed the thorn and set the butterfly free. The butterfly was so happy and grateful. She thanked the bird and flew away, feeling safe and free once again.Ben and Lily were playing in the yard. They liked to make things with sticks and stones and leaves. They made a house, a car, a boat and a chain. The chain was long and shiny. They used silver paper and tape to make it. Look at our chain! Ben said. It is so pretty. We can mail it to grandma. She will like it. Yes, lets mail it to grandma! Lily said. She will be happy. How do we mail it? Ben thought for a moment. He saw a big box near the fence. It had a hole on the top. He ran to the box and lifted the chain. Here, Lily, help me put the chain in the box. This is the mail box. We can mail things in it. Lily ran to help Ben. They put the chain in the box. They were proud of their work. Bye bye, chain! they said. Have a nice trip to grandma! They went back to play with their other things. They did not see the rain clouds in the sky. Soon, it started to rain. The rain was heavy and cold. It made everything wet. The box got wet. The hole got bigger. The chain got wet. It slipped out of the box. It fell on the ground. It got dirty and muddy. Ben and Lily did not know. They ran inside the house. They were wet and cold. They changed their clothes and had some hot chocolate. They forgot about the chain. The next day, they went to the yard again. They saw the box. It was soggy and torn. They saw the chain. It was dirty and dull. Oh no! Ben said. Our chain! It is ruined! It did not mail to grandma! Oh no! Lily said. Our chain! It is ugly! Grandma will not like it! They were sad. They picked up the chain. They tried to clean it. But it was too wet and sticky. They threw it away. They learned a lesson. They learned that rain can make things wet. They learned that wet things can get spoiled. They learned that mail boxes are not for chains. They learned that they should ask mom or dad before they mail anything.Once upon a time, there was a girl who loved to wear her favourite dress. One day, the girl and her mum went to the market. She looked around and saw the bright colours of the vegetables, the delicious smell of the cakes, and the funny shapes of the fruit. The girl was having lots of fun looking at all the different things. She felt happy and peaceful in the market. Then, she remembered her favourite dress at home. She wanted to wear it to the market. The girl and her mum went back home and the girl put on her dress. She twirled around in joy and looked at herself in the mirror. Now she felt even more ready to go back to the market. The girl and her mum returned to the market. She laughed, smiled, and twirled around in her dress. Everyone at the market noticed the girl with her beautiful dress, twirling around and having fun. The market felt so peaceful, happy, and full of joy. The girl wore her dress proudly and enjoyed the rest of her time at the market.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to draw and paint. One day, she decided to make a picture of a big fruit basket. She started by drawing a round apple and a juicy orange. Suddenly, she had a creative idea! She decided to add a banana, a bunch of grapes, and a big watermelon to her picture. Lily was so happy with her beautiful fruit basket. As she was finishing her drawing, her mom came in and said, Wow, Lily! You are so creative! I love your fruit basket! Lily smiled and felt proud of her work. From that day on, she started drawing more and more pictures of fruits and other things she loved.Lily and Max were best friends. They liked to play at the park together. They liked to swing, run, and climb. But their favorite thing was the slide. One day, they went to the park with their moms. They saw a big, shiny slide. It was new and looked fun. Lily and Max ran to the slide. They wanted to try it. But when they got there, they saw a long line of kids. They had to wait for their turn. Lily and Max were anxious. They wanted to slide now. Please, can we go first? Lily asked a big boy in front of them. No, you cant. You have to wait like everyone else, the big boy said. He was rude and mean. Lily and Max felt sad and angry. They didnt like the big boy. They looked at their moms for help. Their moms saw what was happening. They came to the slide. They talked to the big boy and his mom. They explained that Lily and Max were very excited to try the new slide. They asked if they could let them go ahead, just this once. The big boys mom was nice. She told her son to be polite and share. She said he could go after Lily and Max. The big boy nodded. He moved aside and let Lily and Max go first. Lily and Max smiled. They thanked the big boy and his mom. They climbed up the ladder and slid down the slide. They felt happy and proud. They had so much fun. They waved to their moms and ran back to the line. They wanted to slide again. And again. And again. They made new friends and played nicely. They had a great day at the park.Once upon a time, there was an ordinary girl called Katie. She was walking down the street one day when she heard someone crying for help. She ran to the rescue, and saw a dog stuck at the top of a tall tree. She wanted to help the dog, so she began to climb the tree. But, Katie was not an expert climber, and soon she was unable to go any further. Just then, a man came along with a film. He clambered up the tree and rescued the poor dog. Katie cheered, but when the man came down, he was very angry. He said that Katie belonged to a special school and had run away. He said she must now go back with him, and that she would never again be allowed to be so ordinary. Katie was so sad, and the story sadly ends here.Once upon a time there was a little boy called Max. He was three years old and loved playing in the garden with his toys. One day when Max was outside, he noticed a big sandwich. It looked so yummy! Max loved sandwiches and wanted to eat it very badly. He went to pick it up, but then he remembered his mummy had said always to ask before taking something that wasnt his. So Max asked sadly, Can I have the sandwich, please? But the person who had made the sandwich refused him. Max was very sad but then he noticed something else it was an ordinary sandwich like the ones his mummy made for him! Now he knew he didnt need the sandwich he could go home and eat a sandwich that mummy had made for him. Max learnt a lesson that day that it doesnt always pay to take something which isnt yours!Once upon a time there was a man who wanted to sell paper. He was very anxious and didnt know what to do. He got on his bike and rode to the market to find a buyer. When he arrived, there were lots of people shouting and selling all sorts of things. The man was very nervous. He slowly walked up to a stall and showed them the paper he had. He asked the people if they wanted to buy it. One woman said yes and the man was very excited. He sold the paper to her and the woman gave him some money for it. The man was so happy he had sold his paper. He smiled and thanked the woman for buying it. Then he went home, feeling much less anxious. The end.Molly was a 3 year old and she was having a birthday soon. She was very excited and all she could talk about was her upcoming party. Her parents had sent out invitations to all her friends and family. But one day, Molly got very troubled by something. She was sad and disappointed. Her best friend had not received her invitation and she was worried that her best friend wouldnt be able to come to the party. Mollys mom saw she was upset and went to comfort her. She said to Molly, Dont worry sweetie, its probably just a mistake. Im sure your best friend will come to the party, even if they dont have the invitation. Molly smiled and was happy to have her mom comfort her. She knew that her own mom always had her back. She felt confident that her best friend would come to the party when it was time.Once upon a time, in a small open house, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play near the fireplace. One day, her mom told her to be careful and not to play too close to the fireplace. But Lily did not listen. One cold day, Lily was playing with her toys near the fireplace. She saw a pretty red ball near the fire. She wanted to get the ball, but she was scared. She thought of what her mom said and decided to reverse and move away from the fireplace. Later that day, Lilys mom saw the red ball near the fire. She told Lily how proud she was that she listened and stayed away from the fire. Lily learned that it is important to listen to her mom and be careful near the fireplace.Bobthe elephant was walking in the jungle, looking for something to eat. He was very hungry. He was so hungry he could feel it in his trunk. Suddenly he spotted a banana tree. Bob blinked in surprise. He walked towards the banana tree and began to eat the ripe, yellow bananas. He munched on the sweet fruit until his appetite was satisfied. He was feeling very fine now and he was ready to continue walking through the jungle. He walked through the tall grass, looking around and blinking at the trees and animals. Suddenly he heard a loud thump! Bob blinked in surprise and peered around. He spotted a trunk lying in the grass and wondered what it could be. He cautiously walked towards it, sniffing as he went. It smelled like a trunk, but it was too small for an elephant. Bob bent down to look closer and saw that it belonged to a baby elephant! Bob wrinkled his trunk in surprise and carefully picked up the trunk. He saw that the little elephant was just fine. He placed the trunk around the babys body and held it there while the baby happily wiggled her trunk. As he walked away with the baby elephant in tow, Bob smiled and blinked in relief.Once upon a time, there was a clever boy named Tom. He lived with his parents in a big house. Every day, Tom would take a walk around his neighborhood. On one special day, he saw a piece of paper lying on the ground. He picked it up and started to read. It was a note from a friendly bear! The note said Come to my cave on the other side of the forest. I have something special to show you. Signed, bear. Tom ran home to his parents. He told them all about the note. Toms parents were worried it was dangerous to go alone! However, Tom was clever and decided to take the bear up on his offer. He asked his parents if he could go and promised to be very careful. Tom set off into the woods, stopping every once in a while to take in the beauty of the forest. At last he found the bears cave. Inside, Tom saw a strange sight the bear had set up a secret paper factory! Everywhere around the cave were huge stacks of paper. The bear saw the surprised look on Toms face and said, Welcome, Tom! I was hoping you would come. I was planning to make a special paper, but I needed a clever boy like you to help me! Tom was excited. He and the bear worked together to create something amazing a beautiful paper house! Tom carefullyTom and Lisa were friends who liked to sing. They had a big toy microphone that they shared. They took turns to sing their favorite songs and pretended to be rich and famous. One day, Tom had a new idea. He said to Lisa, Lets go to the park and sing for the people. Maybe they will give us money and candy. Then we will be really rich! Lisa thought that was a fun idea. She agreed to go with Tom. They packed their toy microphone and some snacks in a bag and walked to the park. At the park, they saw a lot of people. Some were playing, some were walking, some were sitting on benches. Tom and Lisa found a spot near a fountain and set up their toy microphone. They started to sing loudly and happily. But not everyone liked their singing. Some people told them to be quiet. Some people laughed at them. Some people threw things at them. Tom and Lisa felt sad and scared. They wanted to stop singing and go home. But then, a big man came up to them. He looked angry and mean. He grabbed their toy microphone and said, This is mine now. You kids are making too much noise. Go away and dont come back! Tom and Lisa were shocked and scared. They tried to get their toy microphone back, but the man was too strong and fast. He ran away with their toy microphone and disappeared into the crowd. Tom and Lisa cried and hugged each other. They had lost their toy microphone and their money and candy. They had no fun and no friends. They were not rich and famous. They were sad and poor. They wished they had never gone to the park. They wished they had stayed home and played with their toy microphone. They learned a hard lesson that day.Tim and Lily liked to play with their toys in the bathtub. They had a big blue whale that could squirt water from its mouth. They pretended the whale was their friend and they went on adventures with it. One day, they saw a bottle of soap on the shelf. It had a picture of a fairy on it and said magic bubbles. Tim and Lily wanted to try it. They poured some soap into the water and made lots of bubbles. They laughed and popped the bubbles with their fingers. But then they noticed something strange. The whale was getting smaller and smaller. It was shrinking because of the magic bubbles. Tim and Lily were scared. They did not want to lose their whale friend. Whale, whale, are you okay? Tim asked. Help me, help me, Im too small! the whale said in a tiny voice. Tim and Lily quickly grabbed the whale and rinsed it with clean water. They hoped it would grow back to its normal size. They put it on a towel and waited. After a few minutes, the whale started to get bigger and bigger. It was growing back because of the clean water. Tim and Lily were happy. They hugged the whale and said sorry. Whale, whale, are you okay now? Lily asked. Yes, yes, Im okay now. Thank you, thank you, you are good friends. the whale said in a big voice. Tim and Lily were glad. They learned not to use the magic bubbles on their toys. They played with the whale in the bathtub again, but this time they used only water. They had fun and the whale was happy too.Once upon a time, there were two friends who loved to play in the park. One day, they both had a big idea to build a seesaw. They started collecting materials from the park like logs and sticks and collected some stones to weigh it down. Once they had finished, the two friends climbed up on the ends of the seesaw. They began to laugh as they went up and down. An old man then walked by and saw the two playing. He smiled, and said to them, That is a very humble idea you both have. Its very impressive. The two friends thanked the old man and returned to playing on their seesaw. The two friends had a wonderful time playing together. It was a memory they would never forget.Sara and Ben are twins. They like to play together. One day, they find a big box in the garage. They open the box and see many clothes. They see hats, shirts, dresses, and pants. They want to try them on. Sara picks a pink dress and a yellow hat. She puts them on and twirls around. She feels pretty. Ben picks a blue shirt and a green pair of pants. He puts them on and jumps up and down. He feels cool. They look at each other and laugh. They think they look funny. They pretend to be different people. Sara pretends to be a princess and Ben pretends to be a pirate. Hello, princess, Ben says. Do you want to see my treasure? Yes, please, pirate, Sara says. What do you have? Ben shows her a shiny necklace and a gold coin. He says they are his treasure. Sara likes them. She asks if she can have them. No, they are mine, Ben says. You cant have them. Sara gets angry. She wants the treasure. She grabs the necklace and the coin from Ben. Ben gets angry too. He wants them back. He grabs Saras hat and dress. Give me my treasure, Sara says. Give me my clothes, Ben says. They pull and tug. They start to fight. They dont hear their mom coming. Mom sees them fighting. She is not happy. She tells them to stop. She asks them what they are doing. We are playing, Sara says. We are fighting, Ben says. Mom sees the clothes and the treasure. She says they are not theirs. She says they are unusual. She says they belong to grandma and grandpa. She says they are old and special. She says they cant play with them. Sara and Ben feel sorry. They didnt know. They give back the clothes and the treasure. They say they are sorry. Mom hugs them. She says its okay. She says they can play with other things. She takes them to the kitchen. She says she has a surprise for them. She shows them a big cake. She says it is for them. She says they can eat it. Sara and Ben smile. They love cake. They forget about the clothes and the treasure. They eat the cake and enjoy it. They are happy.Once upon a time there was a boy who was very clumsy. Whenever he tried to do something, he would always end up making a mess like spilling the milk or dropping his toys. As his mum saw him getting messy more and more, she said its time to bathe and get clean. So they made their way to the bathroom and the boy jumped in the bath. But just as he was about to start washing, he found something strange. It was a big sausage! It had floated into one corner of the bath. At first the boy was frightened, but then he had a bright idea. Instead of eating, he decided to bathe the sausage! He rubbed it up, reaching every little bit and after some time the sausage was sparkling clean. Even his mum couldnt believe it when she saw. The moral of the story is that anyone can do something great no matter how clumsy they are! Even the tiniest things can be done with care and attention. All it takes is a little bit of patience and determination.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play with his toys all day long. He had a favorite toy car that he loved to play with, but the switch on the car was broken. Timmy asked his mommy if he could fix the switch, but she said it was too harsh for him to do by himself. One day, Timmys mommy permitted him to go to the toy store to buy a new toy car. Timmy was so excited! He went to the toy store and found the perfect toy car with a working switch. He played with it all day and was so happy. Timmy learned that sometimes its okay to ask for help, and that its important to listen to grownups when they say something is too harsh for you to do on your own.Once there was a chubby girl called June. She was three years old. Every day, June would go outside to play. One day, June found a fun game. She wanted to play but she couldnt figure it out. Junes mom saw her looking confused. She asked June what was wrong. June said, I want to play but I dont know how. Mom said, Its ok, why dont we work together and see if we can figure it out? June and her mom worked together and eventually they solved the game. June was so happy that she jumped up and down. She could not stop smiling. June and her mom played the game together every day and they had lots of fun. June loved her chubby cheeks because they made her smile even wider when she was playing.Bob was walking by the beach when he saw something in the water. It was a wave which made him very excited. He clapped and shouted, âœYay!â But then, another wave came and it was really big and made a lot of noise. Bob did not understand why the wave was so rude, so he ran away from it. Bob hid behind a bush and the wave could not see him. It seemed satisfied with scaring him away and went away. Bob waited for a few minutes and then walked to the beach again. He looked at the waves and understood why they can be so big and scary. They are just being wild and free, like animals. Bob smiled and decided to be brave and not run away anymore when the waves get bigger. He decided to be brave, like a big boy. Bob stayed at the beach and watched the waves. He waved his hands to them and said, âœI am not scared of you anymore.âOnce there were two tiny twins. They loved to play together and always wanted to finish the same things. One day, the twins found a big hill. They wanted to climb it together, but it was very tall. The twins were patient and waited for their turn. Soon, one of the twins reached the top of the hill. The other twin was so proud, and was thrilled to finish it together. They were so happy that they had done it! For the rest of the day, the twins played together and had lots of fun. They were patient and waited for each other, just like they did when climbing the hill. They finished many fun activities together. It was a great day!Once upon a time, there was a boy named Tim. Tim liked to play with his toy drum. He would tap, tap, tap all day long. One day, Tim heard a new sound. It was jazz! He liked it a lot. Tim wanted to play jazz with his drum. Tim tried to play jazz, but it was hard. He felt frustrated. He asked his mom for help. His mom said, Keep trying, Tim. Youll get better. So, Tim practiced every day. He tapped his drum to the beat of the jazz. One day, Tim left his drum outside. The rain came and made the drum wet. The drum started to rot. Tim was sad. His mom saw him crying and said, Dont worry, Tim. We can get a new drum. They went to the store and bought a new drum. Tim was happy. He played jazz on his new drum and got better and better.Once upon a time there was a naughty little boy. He did not listen to his parents and often made messes. One day his mum went to the field to get some wheat. She asked the naughty boy to help her lift the wheat, but he didnt want to! Finally, the naughty boy agreed to help, but not without a bit of grumbling. He carefully lifted the big bags of wheat and carried them to the wagon. It was hard work, but he did it! Mum was very pleased with the naughty little boy for helping her, and rewarded him with an ice cream. He smiled and knew that helping was the right thing to do.Once upon a time there was a little girl called Sophie. Sophie had a big job to do. She had to organize the toys in her room. It was not easy, the toys were all over the place. Sophie took a deep breath and started to work. She moved all the toys into one corner. Then, she started to put the toys away. She put the cars in the box and the dolls in the drawer. Sophie was getting tired, so she decided to take a break. She looked up and realized that something else was still out of place. On the wall, there were some pictures that were not in order. Sophie was so determined that she decided to organize them too. She began with the face at the top. It was a happy face, so she placed it in the middle. Then she worked around it, putting the other faces in order. Soon, all the faces were in the right place. Sophie was so proud of her work that her face lit up. She knew that organizing can be a heavy job, but she was so happy with the results. Maybe organizing isnt so bad after all.Once upon a time, in a small house, there lived a little girl named Sally. Sally had a big, soft wrap. She loved to wrap it around her when she felt cold or troubled. One day, Sally lost her wrap. She looked everywhere, but she could not find it. Sally asked her mom, Mom, have you seen my wrap? Her mom said, No, but lets look for it together. They looked in the bedroom, the kitchen, and the living room. But they still could not find the wrap. Sally was sad and troubled. She could not resist crying. But then, she saw her dog, Spot, in the yard. Spot had her wrap! He was playing with it. Sally ran to Spot and hugged him. Thank you, Spot! she said. Now Sally was happy and warm again.Once upon a time there was a bird called Sam. He was very small, but he could soar like noone else. He flapped his wings and soared through the sky with ease. The sun was shining brightly and Sam felt so free. He let out a loud chirp and could hear his voice echoing across the land. Meanwhile, in a nearby garden, a little girl was playing with her doll. Then, suddenly, she heard a voice from above and looked up to the sky. There was Sam, soaring high above with the sun glistening on his gorgeous, blue wings. The little girl watched as Sam glided in and out of the clouds. He looked so perfect! The little girl waved to him and Sam flew down and perched next to her. They spent the rest of the afternoon playing together in the garden and watching Sam soar.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy had a toy box full of toys. He loved all of his toys very much, but his favorite was his red fire truck. He would play with it every day and never let anyone else touch it. One day, Timmys friend came over to play. Timmy showed him all of his toys, but when he got to the fire truck, he said, This is mine and you cant play with it. His friend was sad, but Timmy didnt care. Later that day, Timmys mom asked him to clean up his toys. Timmy didnt want to, but he knew he had to. He quickly put all of his toys away, but he forgot to shut the toy box. That night, a mouse snuck into Timmys room and saw the open toy box. The mouse climbed in and found the fire truck. He started to play with it and accidentally knocked it off the edge of the toy box. The fire truck broke into a million pieces. Timmy was very sad when he woke up and saw his broken fire truck. He realized that he should have shared his toys with his friend and he should have shut the toy box. He learned a valuable lesson that day.Once upon a time, there was a zebra named Stripey. Stripey had black and white stripes all over his body. One day, Stripey met his friend, a monkey named Bongo. Bongo asked Stripey, What are you doing today? Stripey replied, I want to make a snowman because its icy outside. Stripey and Bongo went to the park to make a snowman. They rolled the snow into a big ball and put it on top of another ball. They made the snowmans head out of a small ball. The snowman looked great! But suddenly, a big gust of wind came and knocked the snowman over. Stripey and Bongo were sad because they worked so hard to make the snowman. Stripey said, I wish we didnt make the snowman. It was too hard. Bongo replied, I know, but we can try again tomorrow. Stripey and Bongo walked home, feeling sad that their snowman was gone. They learned that sometimes things dont go as planned, but its important to keep trying.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. He loved playing with his toys, but he wanted to play with something new. So, he went to his mom and asked her if she had any new toys. His mom replied, Yes, I have some great equipment for you to play with. Timmy was very excited and asked his mom to show him the equipment. His mom took him to the basement and showed him a big box filled with different tools and gadgets. Timmy was amazed and couldnt wait to play with them. He spent the whole day playing with the equipment and had so much fun. He even made a robot using some of the tools. When his dad came home from work, Timmy showed him what he had made. His dad was very impressed and said, Wow, Timmy, thats great! Youre so creative. Timmy was very happy and proud of himself for making something so cool.Once upon a time, there was a famous farm. It had lots of animals, who liked to run and play. One day, the animals were running around and having fun, when all of a sudden, they heard a loud noise. They looked up and saw a bright light. It was a red, loud truck! The animals were so surprised! But they didnt know the truck was there to stop at the farm, with a very special guest. When the truck stopped, a little girl hopped out. She was so excited to be at the farm to meet all the animals. The animals were just as excited to meet her. They ran up to her, and the girl laughed and hugged them. She spent most of the day feeding the animals and playing with them. It was such a fun day! When it was time to leave, the girl hugged all the animals goodbye. She thanked them for the wonderful day and said she would never forget about her visit to the famous farm. And she never did!Once upon a time there lived a little boy named Sam. He had a puppy named Larry and a kitten named Henry. Sam wanted to go out to the park and play, but he was a bit nervous. He had never gone out alone before. So, he asked his mom, âœCan I please go to the park?â His mom said yes and gave him some rules to follow. Sam said goodbye to his mom, then took Larry and Henry with him. As he opened the door, he felt excited and nervous at the same time. At the park, he had so much fun! He played with Larry and Henry, running around, laughing and chasing each other. But after a while, Sam started to feel tired. He said to Larry and Henry, âœLetâs please go home now.â On the way home, Sam wasnât nervous anymore. He couldnât wait to tell his mom about his first time at the park. He knew she would be so proud of him!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She was very hungry and wanted to eat a yummy steak for dinner. Her mommy cooked the steak and told her to wait until it was ready. Finally, dinner was ready and Lily sat down to eat. She took a big bite of the steak and it tasted so good! She was very happy to receive such a delicious dinner from her mommy. After dinner, Lily went to bed feeling full and happy. She dreamt about the yummy steak she had just received and couldnt wait to have it again. The end.Once there was a grumpy bear walking by a pond. As he looked out over the pond he noticed a rabbit. The rabbit asked Why are you so grumpy? The bear thought for a moment and then said I am grumpy because no one talks to me. The rabbit smiled and said Lets talk. The bear and the rabbit talked for a long time. The bear told the rabbit about all of his worries and his sadness. The rabbit listened carefully and was very kind to the bear. When it started to get dark, the rabbit said goodbye and hopped away. The bear felt much better and was no longer grumpy. That night, the bear watched the stars above the pond with a big smile on his face. From then on, the bear and the rabbit were friends and they talked all the time.Once, there was a bull who was fierce. He lived in a farm with a lot of other animals. One day, the bull was walking in the farm when he saw something that made him very angry. He saw a chicken covering an egg. This made the bull feel very fierce and mad. The bull stomped over to the chicken and said in a loud, fierce voice What are you doing? The chicken was scared and said in a tiny voice Im covering this egg. The bull said I think you should stop covering the egg. If you dont stop, Im going to hurt you! The chicken was very scared and quickly ran away. The bull was so fierce and full of rage that he started to cover the whole farm. He was determined to cover everything. In the end, all the animals fled the farm in fear. The bull had finally gotten what he wanted, but he had also destroyed the place he once called home.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved going to the park and listening to the musician play his guitar. He was her favorite musician in the whole wide world. One day, Lily saw another girl watching the musician play. She looked so envious of Lily, who got to see the musician all the time. But Lily didnt mind, she was just happy to be there. Later that day, Lilys mom took her to get ice cream. As they walked by the park, Lily saw the musician packing up his guitar. She asked her mom why he was leaving so early. Her mom shrugged and said, Maybe he has another show to play. The next day, Lily went to the park as usual, but the musician wasnt there. She waited and waited, but he never showed up. Lily was sad, but she remembered her moms words and hoped that he was just playing somewhere else. A few days later, Lilys mom took her to a big concert. As they walked in, Lily saw the musician on stage, playing his guitar for everyone to hear. She was so happy and knew that he was the best musician in the whole wide world.Once upon a time, there was a little birdie. The birdie flew high in the sky, flapping its wings. Suddenly, the birdie saw a worm on the ground. It swooped down and grabbed the worm with its beak. But the worm was too tight in the birdies beak, so the birdie had to release it. The birdie continued to fly until it saw a big tree. It landed on a branch and looked around. It saw other birdies flying and chirping. The birdie felt happy to be on land. As the sun started to set, the birdie flew back to its nest. It was tired from all the flying and needed to rest. The birdie snuggled up in its cozy nest and fell asleep, dreaming of the worm it had to release and the land it had landed on.One day, a hairy dog named Spot saw a bush. The bush was big and green. Spot wanted to play with the bush. He ran to it and started to jump on it. Stop! said a little bird. You will destroy my home! The bird lived in the bush. Spot did not listen. He kept jumping on the bush. The bird was very sad. Spot destroyed the bush. The bird had no home. The bird flew away to find a new home. Spot was sad too. He did not have a friend to play with anymore.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lily. One day, Lily went to her room to play. She wanted to open the door, but the knob was too high for her. She said, Mommy, can you come help me open the door? Mommy came to help and opened the door for Lily. Lily was so happy and said, Mommy, youre great at opening doors! Lily played with her toys for a while, but then she got bored. She said, Mommy, can you come play with me? Mommy said, Sure, I would love to play with you! They played together and had a great time.Lily and Ben liked to play with sand. They had a big bucket and a small shovel. They went to the park with Mom and Dad. There was a lot of sand in the park. Lily and Ben wanted to make a castle. They filled the bucket with sand and turned it over. They made a big tower. They used the shovel to make windows and doors. They found some shells and stones to decorate the castle. They were very happy with their castle. Look at our castle, Mom and Dad! Lily said. It is so pretty and strong! Yes, it is, sweetie, Mom said. You did a great job. Can we play with it? Ben asked. Of course, you can, Dad said. But be careful not to break it. Lily and Ben nodded. They were playful and curious. They wanted to see what was inside the castle. They used the shovel to dig a hole in the tower. They found more sand and some worms. Wow, look at these! Ben said. They are so wiggly and funny! Let me see! Lily said. She reached for the shovel. But Ben did not want to share. He pulled the shovel away from Lily. Lily pulled it back. They both pulled hard. The shovel split in two. Oh no! Lily and Ben said. They looked at the broken shovel. They felt sad and sorry. They looked at the castle. The hole was bigger and bigger. The tower fell down. The castle was ruined. Oh no! Lily and Ben said. They looked at the broken castle. They felt sad and sorry. They looked at Mom and Dad. They saw their faces. They were not angry. They were smiling. Its okay, kids, Mom said. You can make another castle. Or you can play with something else. The park has many things to play with. Yes, and you can share them, Dad said. Sharing is more fun than fighting. And it makes things last longer. Lily and Ben nodded. They hugged Mom and Dad. They said sorry for breaking the shovel and the castle. They said thank you for being nice. They went to play with something else. They shared and had fun. They learned a lesson.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy was very thin and he loved to eat apples. One day, Timmy went for a walk in the dark forest. He was scared, but he wanted to be brave. Suddenly, he saw two animals fighting. It was a big bear and a small rabbit. The bear was very strong, but the rabbit was very fast. Timmy watched the fight and cheered for the rabbit. Finally, the rabbit won and Timmy was very happy. He continued his walk and ate an apple. He felt strong and brave like the rabbit.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved going to the park with her mom and dad. One sunny day, they went to the park and Lilys dad forgot his sunglasses at home. He was squinting and rubbing his eyes all day. Later, Lily saw a man walking towards them wearing sunglasses. She pointed and said, Look, daddy! That man has sunglasses! Her dad was confused and asked, What man? But when he turned around, the man had disappeared. A few minutes later, the man appeared again, but this time he was holding Lilys dads sunglasses! Lilys dad was so happy and thanked the man. From that day on, Lily always kept an eye out for people wearing sunglasses, just in case they had her dads things.Sam and Lily were friends who liked to play together. They lived near a big temple where people went to pray. Sometimes they would sneak inside the temple and look at the statues and candles. They thought it was fun and exciting. One day, they saw a shiny coin on the floor of the temple. Sam wanted to take it, but Lily said no. She said it was wrong to take things from the temple. She said the coin was for the people who pray. Sam did not listen. He said he was brave and dependable. He said he would share the coin with Lily. He picked up the coin and put it in his pocket. Suddenly, they heard a loud noise. It was the temple guard. He saw Sam and Lily and he was angry. He shouted at them and chased them. Sam and Lily ran away, but they did not know where to go. They were scared and lost. They wished they had not gone to the temple. The guard caught up with them and grabbed them. He said they were thieves and liars. He said they had to pay for what they did. He took them to a dark room and locked them up. He said they would stay there until their parents came. He said their parents would be very mad at them. Sam and Lily cried and hugged each other. They said they were sorry. They said they would never go to the temple again. They said they would pray for help. But no one came to help them. They were alone and sad. They did not know what would happen to them. They wished they had a dependable friend.John was walking through the park, and he was starting to shiver. He was wearing a cheap sweater, so it wasnt keeping him very warm. He saw a pear tree and he decided to have a look. There were lots of pears growing on the tree, and they looked delicious. John picked the biggest pear he could find. It felt soft and smooth in his hands, and he was happy. He took a bite of the pear and it was so sweet and juicy! John suddenly stopped shivering, he was feeling much warmer. He was so pleased with his cheap find! John finished the pear and went home with a big smile on his face.One day, a boy named Tim went to the park with his mom. In the park, there was a stand. The stand had many toys. Some toys were big and some toys were small. Tim saw an expensive toy car. He wanted the car very much. Tim said to his mom, Mom, can I have the expensive toy car, please? His mom smiled and joked, That car is too big for your pocket! Tim laughed at his moms joke. But his mom said, We cant buy the expensive toy car today. Tim was sad, but he understood. He played with his old toy car at the park. He had fun with his mom. They went home and had a good day. Tim knew that even without the expensive toy car, they could still have fun and laugh together.Once upon a time, there was a cute little bunny named Benny. Benny was very adorable with his fluffy tail and big ears. One day, Benny saw a hammer lying on the ground. He picked it up and started to play with it. Benny loved the sound it made when he hit it against the ground. Suddenly, Benny heard a noise coming from behind a bush. He decided to peek and see what it was. It was his friend, a little bird named Billy. Billy was stuck in a tree and couldnt get down. Benny knew just what to do. He used the hammer to break the branch and free Billy. From that day on, Benny and Billy were the best of friends. They played together every day and Benny always kept his hammer close by, just in case they needed it again.Once there was a butterfly. It wanted to fly high in the sky. But all the other animals thought it was weird. The butterfly kept practicing and practicing. It wanted to fly like the birds. But the birds laughed and said it couldnt do it. The butterfly knew it could do it. So it kept trying, again and again and again. Then one day, something amazing happened. The butterfly spread its wings and it flew up and up and up into the sky. It was so happy! The other animals were so surprised. They had never seen anything like it before. They all cheered and clapped for the butterfly. It was so proud to be able to fly like it had wanted.Alice had a dream. She wanted to play chess like the grownups. She ran to her mothers room and said, Mummy, can I play chess? Her mother replied, No, youre too young to play chess. Why dont you play something else? Alice shook her head and said, No, I want to play chess! Her mother thought she was being foolish and said, Alice, you have to learn how to play chess before you can do it. It takes practice, so you cant do it right away. Alice was determined to try anyway, and her mother said, Okay, if you insist. We can start with some basic lessons. Lets learn the rules first and then you can practice playing it with me. Alice nodded her head in agreement and smiled. She was so excited to finally learn how to play chess. She was sure her dream would come true soon.Once upon a time, there was a nurse. She lived in a big house with a bell that would ring when anyone arrived. One day, the bell began to ring, and the nurse went to answer it. When she opened the door, there was a tall man wearing a red coat. He was carrying a big bag of spicy food. He handed the nurse the bag with a big smile. The nurse was so happy with the mans surprise that she wanted to share it with everyone. She quickly took some of the spicy food and rang a bell to call everyone in the house. All of the kids rushed to the kitchen to find the nurse with the spicy food. Everyone cheered when they saw it, and they all started to eat the spicy food. They loved it and said it was the best food they have ever tasted! The nurse also loved it, and she thanked the man for his kind gift. From that day on, the nurse had a big smile on her face whenever she heard the bell ring. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys and go on adventures. One day, Lilys mommy asked her to sit in her seat at the dinner table. But Lily didnt want to sit in her seat, she wanted to play with her toys instead. Mommy told Lily that if she didnt sit in her seat, she would have to be punished. Lily didnt know what that meant, but she knew it didnt sound good. So, she sat in her seat and ate her dinner. After dinner, Lily wanted to go on an adventure outside. But mommy said it was too distant and she had to stay close to home. Lily was sad, but she knew mommy was just trying to keep her safe. Later that night, Lily realized that listening to mommy was important. She didnt want to be punished again and she wanted to stay safe. So, she promised to always sit in her seat and stay close to home. And she lived happily ever after. The end.One day, Jack went for a walk in the park. It was a sunny day and he wanted to have some fun. As he walked around, Jack saw a tall man waving his hands at him from far away. Jack waved back and smiled at the man. Next, Jack walked to the toilet. He wanted to take a break from walking. When he got to the toilet, he saw that it was very weak. It was almost falling down. Jack was scared but he decided to go in anyway. He quickly went and then left. Finally, Jack walked back to the park. But he was very tired. He lay down on the grass and waved his hands goodbye to the park. He was so weak that he fell asleep right away. When he woke up, it was already dark. Jack got up and waved goodbye to the park again. He was so happy and tired. And he knew it was time to go home.Once upon a time there was a small girl named Sarah. She was only three years old and she wanted to succeed. Sarah had a letter that was very important to her. One day, she woke up, and the letter was gone. Sarah ran around the house, looking everywhere to find it. She was so scared that she might fail. Suddenly, she heard a noise outside in the backyard. She looked and saw a big, dangerous rabbit. The rabbit was holding Sarahs letter in its mouth! The rabbit started to hop away. Sarah ran after the rabbit and yelled, Come back! But the rabbit didnt listen. Finally, Sarah was able to catch up to the rabbit. She reached out and grabbed the letter. She was so excited to have her letter back and have succeeded.Lily and Ben were friends. They liked to play and share toys. One day, they decided to have a picnic in the park. They packed some bread, cheese, and juice in a basket. They also took a big blanket and a ball. They walked to the park and found a nice spot under a tree. They spread the blanket and put the basket on it. They ate some bread and cheese and drank some juice. They were happy and full. They said, Lets play ball! They took the ball and threw it to each other. They laughed and ran. They had fun. But then, a big dog came. The dog saw the ball and wanted it. The dog ran after the ball and barked. Lily and Ben were scared. They dropped the ball and ran back to the blanket. But the dog did not stop. The dog followed them and jumped on the blanket. The dog knocked over the basket and spilled the juice. The dog ate the bread and cheese and tore the blanket. Lily and Ben cried. They said, Bad dog! Go away! But the dog did not listen. The dog liked the picnic. The dog licked Lily and Ben and wagged its tail. The dog said, You are my friends. Lets marry! Lily and Ben did not want to marry the dog. They did not like the dog. They wanted their picnic back. They wanted their ball back. They wanted their blanket back. They wanted to go home. But the dog did not let them. The dog was big and strong. The dog was bad. Lily and Ben were stuck. They were sad. The end.One day, a near the sea, a boy found an oyster. He was so excited, he immediately took it home. The boys mom had a reliable plan to open the oyster. She put the oyster on a flat surface and used a special tool to spin it open. The boy watched intently as the spinning made the oysters shell break apart. When the oyster was finally opened, the little boy saw something shining inside! He was so surprised and amazed it was a beautiful pearl! The boy had never seen anything so sparkly and special before. He knew it was now his most prized possession. The boy thanked his mom for making his discovery possible. He cherished the pearl and was so happy with his new treasure.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She was very scared of the dark and had a nightmare every night. One day, she told her mom about her nightmare. I had a bad dream last night, Mommy, said Lily. What did you dream about, sweetie? asked her mom. I dreamt that a big monster came out of my closet and scared me, replied Lily. Oh no, that sounds scary, said her mom. But dont worry, Ill check your closet before you go to bed tonight. And if you still feel weak, you can always come sleep with me and Daddy. Thank you, Mommy, said Lily. Please dont forget to check my closet. I wont forget, promised her mom. Now lets go play with your toys and forget about that scary nightmare.John was a little boy who loved to play. He wanted to send a letter to his friend Bob, so he asked his mom for a piece of paper. His mom gave him a piece of paper and a pencil. John carefully wrote a letter. John said to his mom, Mom, Im done! Look what I wrote! His mom looked at the letter and said, This is great, honey. Now you need to put it in an envelope. John took an envelope and put the letter in it. Then he noticed something strange. He said to his mom, Mom, whats this hairy thing in the envelope? His mom laughed and said, Thats a stamp, honey. You have to put it on the envelope to show you have paid for it to be mailed. John put the stamp on the envelope, waved goodbye to his mom and ran to the mailbox to mail his letter.Once upon a time, there lived a girl named Sara who was very independent. Every morning she would get dressed by herself, make her own breakfast and take a walk to the beach. Today was no different, and soon she was standing on a sandy beach with the sun shining down on her. She watched the waves pass by back and forth, back and forth. Suddenly, she heard a small voice saying, Sara, why do you come here every day? Sara looked around and saw a little boy about her age. She smiled at him and replied, I like the beach its fun to watch the waves pass by. The little boy nodded and said, Me too! Maybe we can be friends and come here together every day? Sara agreed with a big smile and the two of them highfived to celebrate their friendship. From that day on, they both continued to come to the beach every day to play and watch the waves pass.Once upon a time, a little girl named Lily went to the park. She saw a big dog and stared at it. The dog was very fast and ran around the park. Lilys mom gave her a file to play with in the sand. Lily made a sandcastle and put the file on top of it. Suddenly, the wind blew and the file fell off the castle. Lily picked it up and stared at it. She wondered what she could do with it now.Once upon a time, there was a big peach tree. Every morning, the tree would ask its friends around the garden a question. One morning, it asked, Who is the most brilliant one in the garden? The wind whispered, It is me! The sun said nothing but smiled. The bugs chirped, Its us! The tree smiled and said, Lets all try to be brilliant together! Then, an answer came from nearby. It was a little girl! She had the biggest, brightest smile on her face. The tree asked, What makes you so brilliant? The little girl held up a peach she had picked, and said, This peach makes me feel happy and brave, so I can answer questions like yours! The tree and all its friends smiled and agreed that the girl was very brilliant. The little girl smiled and thanked them for their kind words. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little girl who lived in a house with her Mommy and Daddy. One day, her Mommy and Daddy said that they would change the ceiling in their house. The little girl didnt know what that meant, but she asked them anyway. Mommy said We need to put something new up on the ceiling because it will look nicer. The little girl thought it sounded exciting! The next day, the little girls Daddy got to work. He put up a strange, uncomfortable ceiling that didnt match the walls. The little girl felt so confused and sad because she didnt understand why it had to change. When Daddy was finished, the little girl asked why he put up the uncomfortable ceiling. Her Daddy just said Thats just the way it has to be. The little girl felt so sad and frustrated that she couldnt change the ceiling back. No matter how much she asked, the ceiling stayed the same. It made her feel uncomfortable and angry that something in her house could change without her permission. The little girl was never able to change the ceiling back to the way it was before. And thats why she never felt quite as comfortable in her house again.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She liked to play outside in the grass. One day, she found a big hole in the ground. It was very deep and she had to be careful not to fall in. Lily saw a sharp stick on the ground and she picked it up. She wanted to use it to see how deep the hole was. But her mommy said, No, Lily, that stick is too sharp. You could hurt yourself. Lets find something else to use. So, they found a long stick that was not sharp. Lily carefully put the stick down into the hole. It was very deep! She was happy she didnt fall in. From that day on, Lily was always careful when playing near holes and never picked up sharp sticks again.Lily and Ben are playing with their toy printer. They like to print pictures of animals and cars and flowers. Lily is very bossy. She tells Ben what to print and how to print it. Print a big lion, Ben. Lions are my favorite. Make it roar! Lily says. Ben does not like lions. He likes elephants. He wants to print an elephant. But he is afraid of Lily. She is bigger than him and louder than him. He prints a lion. Good, Ben. Now print a salad. Salads are healthy. We can pretend to eat it. Lily says. Ben does not like salads. He likes pizza. He wants to print a pizza. But he is afraid of Lily. She is stronger than him and faster than him. He prints a salad. Good, Ben. Now print a crown. I am the queen. You are my servant. You have to do what I say. Lily says. Ben does not like crowns. He likes hats. He wants to print a hat. But he is afraid of Lily. She is smarter than him and prettier than him. He prints a crown. Lily puts the crown on her head. She holds the lion and the salad. She smiles. She is happy. She thinks she is the best. Ben is sad. He does not have any pictures he likes. He does not have any fun. He thinks he is the worst. Then, Mom comes in. She sees the pictures. She sees Lily and Ben. What are you doing, kids? Mom asks. We are playing with the printer. I am the queen. Ben is my servant. Lily says. Is that so? And do you like being the queen, Lily? Mom asks. Yes, I do. I am very bossy. I tell Ben what to print and how to print it. Lily says. And do you like being the servant, Ben? Mom asks. No, I dont. I am very sad. I dont get to print what I want and how I want it. Ben says. Mom frowns. She does not like what she hears. She does not like bossy queens and sad servants. She has an idea. How about we switch roles, kids? Lily, you can be the servant. Ben, you can be the king. You can print what you want and how you want it. And you have to be nice to each other. OK? Mom says. Lily and Ben look at each other. They are surprised. They are curious. They nod. OK, Mom. They say. Mom smiles. She gives them a hug. She leaves them to play. Lily and Ben switch roles. Lily gives Ben the crown. Ben gives Lily the lion and the salad. They start to print new pictures. They print elephants and pizzas and hats. They print stars and hearts and rainbows. They print what they want and how they want it. They share and take turns. They say please and thank you. They laugh and smile. They are happy. They think they are the best.Lila liked to play dressup with her dolls. She had many clothes and hats and shoes for them. She liked to make them look pretty and different. She gave each doll a name and a style. One day, she was playing with her doll Mia. She put a pink dress and a yellow hat on her. She said, Mia, you look so nice. You have a sunny style. Do you like it? Mia did not answer, because she was a doll. But Lila pretended she did. She said, Yes, Lila, I like it. But can you remove the hat? It is too hot for me. Lila was surprised. She said, But Mia, the hat is part of your style. It matches your dress. Why do you want to remove it? Mia said, Because it is not mild today. It is very warm. The hat makes me sweat. I want to feel the breeze on my hair. Lila thought for a moment. She said, OK, Mia, I understand. You can remove the hat. But you have to keep the dress. It is very pretty. Mia said, Thank you, Lila. You are very kind. I like the dress too. It is soft and light. Can we go outside and play? Lila said, Yes, Mia, we can. Let me get my shoes and my bag. Then we can go and have fun. Lila and Mia went outside and played in the garden. They enjoyed the sun and the flowers. They had a happy day.Once upon a time, there was a hill. It was a very tidy hill. The grass was short and the trees were neatly trimmed. Every day the sun shined brightly on the hill. Then one day, it began to rain. The rain made everything very wet. All of the grass and trees on the hill were covered in water. The gentle sound of the rain made the hill sound happy. After a while, the rain stopped and the sun came back out again. The hill looked even tidier than before. Everything glistened and sparkled in the bright daylight. The hill was so beautiful that everyone walking past would stop and admire it. From that day forward, the hill always stayed neat and tidy, no matter if it rained or shone.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily who loved flowers. She would pick them and hold them close to her nose to smell their sweet fragrance. One day, she saw a soft, pink flower and wondered what it would feel like to touch it. Lilys friend, Timmy, came over and saw the flower too. That flower is so pretty! he exclaimed. Can I touch it? Lily nodded and Timmy reached out to touch the flower. But as soon as he did, a bee flew out and stung him on the hand. He cried out in pain and Lily ran to get help. Sadly, Timmy had an allergic reaction to the bee sting and had to go to the hospital. Lily felt terrible for showing him the flower and wondered if she should have been more careful. From that day on, she made sure to always check for bees before touching any flowers.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lucy. She was 3 years old, and she loved snacking. Whenever she felt like it, she would grab a snack from the kitchen. One day, Lucys mom told her that she needed to be more independent. She said, Lucy, youre 3 years old now so you can get your own snack. Go to the kitchen and get a snack all by yourself! Lucy didnt know if she could do it, but she wanted to try. She slowly crept into the kitchen and opened the snack cupboard. She saw LOTS of yummy snacks and couldnt pick one. She asked her mom for help. Her mom said, You can do it, Lucy! Pick the snack that looks the yummiest to you! Lucy took a deep breath, then reached into the cupboard. She pulled out some sweet bananas and smiled. She loved bananas! She proudly took her snack to the table and began to eat. She felt so proud she did it all by herself!Lila and Sam were playing with marbles in the park. They had many marbles of different colors and sizes. They liked to roll them on the grass and see who could make them go the farthest. Look, I have a big blue marble! Lila said, holding it up. It is shiny and pretty. I have a big red marble! Sam said, showing his. It is shiny and pretty too. They rolled their big marbles together and watched them bounce and spin. They laughed and clapped. Then they saw a boy with a water gun. He was spraying water at the flowers and the birds. He looked like he was having fun. Can I play with your water gun? Lila asked the boy. No, it is mine! the boy said. Go away! Lila felt sad. She wanted to spray water too. She looked at her big blue marble and thought it was not so shiny and pretty anymore. Sam saw that Lila was sad. He wanted to make her happy. He had an idea. Hey, I have a water bottle! he said, taking it out of his backpack. We can spray water with this! He unscrewed the cap and squeezed the bottle. A stream of water came out. He sprayed it at the flowers and the birds. They flew away and made noises. Lila smiled. She took the water bottle from Sam and sprayed it too. They took turns spraying water and laughing. The boy with the water gun saw them. He felt jealous. He wanted to play with them. He looked at his water gun and thought it was not so fun anymore. Can I play with your marbles? he asked Lila and Sam. Sure, you can! Lila and Sam said. We can share! They gave him some of their marbles and he gave them his water gun. They rolled the marbles and sprayed the water together. They became friends and had a lot of fun.Once upon a time, in a big park, there was a hidden play area. Many kids did not know about it. But one day, a little girl named Lily found it. Lily loved to play there. She would swing, slide, and run all day. She made new friends, too. They would all play together and have so much fun. One day, it was time for the play to end. Lily and her friends were sad. But they knew they could come back to the hidden play area another day. They said goodbye and went home with big smiles on their faces.Once upon a time, in a small town, there was a fearful little girl named Lily. She was scared of many things, like loud noises and big dogs. One day, Lily was playing with her ball in the park when something strange happened. A big motion came from the bushes. The leaves shook, and Lily felt scared. She held her ball tight and looked around. She wondered what could make such a big motion. Then, out of the bushes came a little kitten. It was not scary at all! Lily felt happy and not fearful anymore. She played with the kitten and they became best friends. From that day on, Lily learned that sometimes things that seem scary at first can turn out to be nice.John was feeling very miserable. He saw a carrot in the garden and decided to pick it up. He was so excited to eat it that he started running towards his house. Suddenly, his friend Maria called out to him. John, where are you going so fast? she asked. John stopped and pointed at the carrot. Maria shook her head. Thats not your carrot, she said. Its my dads carrot. He grew it for dinner tonight. John was horrified. How could he have taken someone elses carrot? He felt even more miserable than before. Maria smiled. Dont worry, she said. I have more carrots in my house. I can get you one if you want. John felt relieved. He smiled and nodded eagerly. Together, they went to Marias house and picked a fresh carrot for John. He was so happy that he almost forgot he had been so miserable before.One day, Timmy was playing in the garden. He wanted to go for a walk, but he knew his parents wouldnt permit it. Timmy asked his mum, Could I go for a walk please? His mum shook her head. No, Timmy, she said, you need to stay in the garden, and go straight to bed when its time. Timmy was a little sad but he listened and stayed in the garden. He played games, and found a caterpillar. He was very gentle with the caterpillar, and brought lots of leaves for it to eat. When the sun began to set, Timmy knew his mum was right. He said goodbye to the caterpillar and went home. He said to his mum, I want to go to bed now. All right, thats a good idea, she said, smiling. She helped him get into bed, and tucked him in gently. Timmy said, I love you, Mum. I love you too, she said. Timmy fell asleep soon after, happy to be in his warm and gentle bed.Lily and Ben are kids who like to play in the park. They like to swing, slide and run. One day, they see a big dog in the park. The dog is black and white and has a long tail. The dog is not angry, but he likes to chase kids. Look, a dog! Lily says to Ben. Lets go and say hello. No, Lily, dont! Ben says. The dog might bite us. Lets hurry and hide. But Lily does not listen to Ben. She runs to the dog and tries to pet him. The dog thinks Lily is a toy and jumps on her. Lily falls down and cries. Help, help! Lily shouts. The dog is hurting me! Ben is scared, but he wants to help Lily. He looks around and sees a stick. He picks up the stick and runs to the dog. He waves the stick and says, Go away, dog! Leave Lily alone! The dog sees the stick and thinks it is a game. He lets go of Lily and runs to the stick. He tries to catch the stick, but Ben is too fast. He runs away from the dog and leads him to the other side of the park. Lily gets up and wipes her tears. She has a scratch on her arm, but it is not bleeding. She sees Ben and the dog. She is sorry for not listening to Ben. Ben, come back! Lily calls. You are brave and smart. Thank you for saving me. Ben hears Lily and smiles. He throws the stick far away and runs back to Lily. The dog follows the stick and does not bother them anymore. Are you okay, Lily? Ben asks. Im sorry the dog hurt you. Im okay, Ben, Lily says. Im sorry I was silly. You are a good friend. They hug and walk back to the swings. They swing high and low, feeling happy and safe. They are graceful like birds in the sky. They are kids who like to play in the park.Once upon a time, there was a baby girl called Ana. She wanted to succeed in life, she wanted to be the best. Ana decided to look for the best rhythm to help her succeed. She hopped, skipped and jumped, but she couldnt find the right rhythm. Then, one day Ana heard a strange, crazy sound. It was the perfect rhythm for her to learn. She jumped up and down to the rhythm and started to feel it in her feet, her heart, and all around her. Ana followed the rhythm and it helped her to succeed. She could do anything she wanted to do. Ana became the happiest girl in the world and she never forgot her crazy rhythm.Daisy was a young girl who loved to explore. One afternoon, she decided to explore her backyard. Suddenly, she saw an object. It looked shiny and mysterious, like something special. Daisy wanted to know more about it. She cautiously approached the object and reached out to touch it. She felt a strange surface. It was smooth and cold. Then, Daisy heard her mothers voice. Oh Daisy! You must wipe it first before you touch it, she said. So, Daisy wiped the object with her little hand. Once she was done, Daisys mother asked her to take a closer look at the object. Daisy was surprised to find out it was a bowl full of tasty treat. Daisy smiled and exclaimed excitedly, A tasty treat! I love it! Mama smiled and said, Yes, it is a tasty treat. Now, be careful as you go exploring! And Daisy happily went on with her exploring, taking her special treat with her.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys all day long. One day, her mommy said, Lily, we are going to arrive at the store soon. We need to buy some food for dinner. Lily was happy to go to the store with her mommy. When they arrived at the store, they saw a lot of people. But something was different. There was silence in the store. Lily asked her mommy, Mommy, why is it quiet here? Her mommy replied, The power went out, so the music stopped playing. Lily saw a toy that she really wanted, but it was expensive. She asked her mommy if they could buy it. Her mommy said, Im sorry, Lily. Its too expensive for us to buy right now. Lily was sad, but she knew that her mommy was right. They bought the food they needed and went back home. When they arrived home, they cooked dinner together and had a fun time. Lily forgot about the toy and was happy to spend time with her mommy.Once upon a time, there was a rabbit named Rosie. She loved to eat radishes. One day, she saw a big, red radish in a garden. She went to take it, but the farmer caught her. The farmer said, Rosie, you cant take my radish. Its not nice to take things that dont belong to you. Rosie felt bad and said, Im sorry. I just wanted the radish because it looked so yummy. The farmer smiled and said, Thats okay. I forgive you. Lets be peaceful and share the radish together. They ate the radish together and Rosie felt happy. She learned that its always better to share and be peaceful than to take things that dont belong to you. From that day on, Rosie always asked before taking anything and made sure to share with others. And she never forgot the time she learned the peaceful way to be a good rabbit.Once upon a time, there was a small girl named Lily. She loved to play with her toys and her favorite toy was a small jug. She would fill it with water and pretend to pour tea for her teddy bear. One day, Lilys brother came to her room and asked if he could play with her jug. Lily said no because it was her favorite toy. Her brother got upset and said, But I want to play with it too! Lily thought for a moment and then said, Okay, you can play with it but you have to give it back to me before the end of the day. Her brother agreed and took the jug to play with. At the end of the day, Lilys brother brought the jug back to her and said, Here you go, Lily. I had fun playing with it but I know its your favorite toy. Lily smiled and said, Thank you for giving it back to me. And they both went to bed happy.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She liked to draw with her markers and crayons, but sometimes she would run out of ink. One day, her mommy gave her a big box of markers as a gifted surprise. Lily was very happy and said, Thank you mommy, you are the best! With her new markers, Lily started to draw pictures of her family and friends. She noticed that her drawings were getting better and better. She was improving her skills every day. She even drew a picture of her dog, Max, and it looked just like him! Lily was so proud of herself and showed her mommy all of her new drawings. Her mommy smiled and said, You are a gifted artist, Lily. Keep drawing and improving! From that day on, Lily continued to draw with her markers and crayons. She knew that with practice, she could improve even more. And every time she used her markers, she remembered the gift her mommy gave her and felt grateful.One day, a little girl named Amy wanted to test a new cookie recipe. She asked her mom, Can I make cookies today? Her mom said, Yes, you can, Amy. Amy got all the things she needed to make the cookies. She mixed everything in a big bowl. Then, she put the cookies in the oven. They smelled so good! When the cookies were done, Amy took them out of the oven. She tried one and said, Yum! But it is a little dry. So, she shared the cookies with her friends and they all loved them. They said, Thank you, Amy! These cookies are so good!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to sing and dance with her brown teddy bear. One day, Lilys mommy bought her a microphone so she could sing even louder. Lily was so happy! She practiced every day and sang her favorite songs. One day, Lilys grandma came to visit. She traveled a long way to arrive at Lilys house. When Lily saw her grandma, she ran to give her a big hug. Lilys grandma was so proud of her singing and asked her to sing a song with the microphone. Lily was a little shy at first, but then she started to sing. Her voice was so beautiful that her grandma started to cry. From that day on, Lily sang with her microphone every day. She loved to sing for her family and friends. And every time her grandma visited, she would bring her a new microphone to add to her collection. Lily was so grateful for her microphone and for her grandmas love.One day, a little girl named Lucy was playing with her toy box. She had many toys, but her favorite was a big red screw. She loved to hold it and pretend it was a magic wand. Lucys little brother, Tim, saw her playing and wanted to play with the screw too. He asked, Can I play with the screw, please? Lucy didnt want to share, so she said, No, its mine! Tim was upset. Tim went to their mom and told her that Lucy wouldnt share the screw. Mom said, Lucy, you need to share your toys with your brother. Lucy was upset, but she gave the screw to Tim. Tim was happy and started to play with it. After a while, Lucy felt bad for not sharing with her brother. She went to Tim and said, Im sorry for not sharing. Can we play together? Tim smiled and said, Yes, lets play! They played with the screw and had lots of fun. When it was time for bed, Lucy gave Tim a big kiss and said, I love you, little brother. Tim hugged her and said, I love you too, big sister. They went to bed happy, knowing that sharing was more fun than keeping the toys all to themselves.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy had a big birthday party coming up and his mom had an important job for him. She asked him to cut the cake and put candles on it. Timmy was so excited to help his mom. He got a big knife and started to cut the cake. It was a big cake, but Timmy was strong. He cut it into many pieces. After that, he put candles on the cake. There were ten candles, one for each year of his age. When the party started, Timmys mom brought out the cake. Everyone sang Happy Birthday and Timmy blew out the candles. He was so happy that he could help his mom. From that day on, Timmy knew that he was an important part of his family.Lily was very enthusiastic about her new baby brother. She wanted to hug him, kiss him, and play with him all the time. But Mommy and Daddy said she had to be gentle and careful with the baby, because he was very small and fragile. One day, Mommy and Daddy had to go out for a while, and they asked Grandma to look after Lily and the baby. Grandma was very nice and kind, and she let Lily help her with some chores. Lily helped Grandma make some cookies, fold some clothes, and water some flowers. She was very proud and happy. Then, Grandma said, Lily, do you want to read a story with me and the baby? Lily nodded eagerly. She loved stories, especially the ones with animals and princesses. Grandma picked up the baby from his crib and sat on the couch. She told Lily to sit next to her, and handed her a big book with colorful pictures. Lily opened the book and pointed to a picture of a lion. She said, Look, Grandma, a lion! He is big and strong and loud. Roar! She made a roaring sound and laughed. Grandma smiled and said, Yes, Lily, thats a lion. He is the king of the jungle. But he is also very gentle and loving with his family. Just like you are with your baby brother. She kissed the babys head and said, Do you want to hold him for a little while? Lily nodded again. She was very excited. Grandma carefully placed the baby in Lilys arms and said, Hold him close and softly, Lily. He likes to feel your warmth and hear your heartbeat. You are a very good big sister. Lily felt the babys soft skin and hair, and his tiny fingers and toes. She looked at his face and saw his eyes open. He looked at her and made a cooing sound. Lily felt a warm and fuzzy feeling in her chest. She said, Hi, baby. I love you. You are my brother. I will always take care of you. She kissed his cheek and hugged him gently. Grandma watched them with a tender smile. She said, You are very sweet, Lily. I love you too. You make me very happy. She hugged them both and said, Now, lets read the story together, shall we? She opened the book and began to read. Lily listened and looked at the pictures, while holding the baby close. She felt very happy too. She thought, This is the best day ever.Once upon a time there were two brothers. They lived in a big house with their parents. Every day, their parents gave them wheat to eat. One brother was very jealous of the other brother because he ate more wheat than him. One day, the parents decided to part the brothers. They said one brother would stay in the big house and the other would go away. The jealous brother cried and begged his parents to stay together. But it was too late. The brothers were parted. They were so sad but they accepted it. Every week, one brother would receive a package with a big amount of wheat. When he got it, he would always think of his brother and wish they could be together again. Fortunately, when the brothers turned eighteen, they both moved back to the really big house. And from that day on, they enjoyed eating the wheat their parents gave them. Together.Mommy and Bobby were walking down the icy street. Bobby looked up at his mommy and said, Mommy, can I reach the goat? Mommy smiled and said, No, Bobby, the goat is too far away for you to reach. Bobby pointed down the street and said, But Mommy, there is a goat over there! Mommy looked down the street and said, Yes, Bobby, but look how slippery the road is. We will have to go around and take the longer route to reach it. Bobby beamed with delight. The two of them started walking down the icy street. With each step, Bobby was getting closer and closer to the goat. Finally they reached the goat. Bobby looked so happy that he had reached the goat. He petted the goat and the goat even let him sit on his back.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. He was very brave and kind. He was always ready to help someone in need. One day, Jack went for a jog by the harbor. He saw a man and a dog who were struggling in the water. Jack rushed to help them. He was very compassionate and fearless. Jack jumped into the water and swam to them. He pulled the man and dog to the shore. Then, he ran to a nearby house and called the police. The man and dog were taken to safety. Everyone thanked Jack for his brave and compassionate act. Jack smiled. He was proud of himself for helping those in need. From that day on, Jack knew he could always help others.Kim and Lee were friends who liked to play in the park. One day, they saw a big kangaroo hopping near the swings. They were curious and wanted to touch it. Hello, kangaroo! Kim said. Can we rub your fur? The kangaroo stopped and looked at them. It nodded and let them come closer. Kim and Lee rubbed its soft fur and felt its strong muscles. They were happy and smiled. Thank you, kangaroo! Lee said. You are very nice and friendly. The kangaroo smiled back and made a funny noise. It sounded like a laugh. Kim and Lee laughed too. But then, they heard a loud voice. It was the park ranger. He was angry and ran towards them. Hey, you two! Get away from that kangaroo! he shouted. Its dangerous and wild! You could get hurt! Kim and Lee were scared and ran away from the kangaroo. They hid behind a tree and watched. The park ranger tried to catch the kangaroo, but it was too fast and smart. It hopped away and escaped. Kim and Lee felt embarrassed. They did not know that the kangaroo was not supposed to be in the park. They thought it was a friendly animal that wanted to play. Sorry, kangaroo, Kim whispered. We did not mean to cause trouble. Maybe we can see you again someday, Lee whispered. But not in the park. They hoped that the kangaroo was safe and happy. They learned to be careful and respectful of wild animals. They also learned to listen to the park ranger. He was not mean, he was just doing his job.Once upon a time there was a nosy figure. He enjoyed looking around and being nosy. He often left his home to explore what was beyond. One day he decided to leave on a new adventure. He packed his bag and left home with a big smile on his face. He walked for a long time until he came across a strange house. He was curious and nosy so he peeked through the window. Inside he saw a big table and he was excited to explore! He opened the door slowly and went inside. He was welcomed by a friendly voice from the kitchen. It was the voice of a woman who was baking something delicious. The nosy figure asked the woman what she was baking. She said she was making a special cake for her daughterâs birthday. The figure was so happy that he thanked the woman for the invitation to join the celebration. He stayed for a while, played with the other children and laughed. When it was time to go home, he thanked the woman again and left with a big smile on his face. He had had a wonderful time!Once upon a time, there were two little friends, Jill and Jack. One day, Jack opened up his cheese sack and saw it was empty. He was very sad and asked Jill, Where did my cheese go? Jill felt a bit ashamed and said, I ate it, Im sorry. Jack was very surprised and said, You ate it all? All of it? Jill hung her head low and said, Yes, I ate it all. Jack felt sad but gave Jill a hug and said, Its okay, you dont need to feel ashamed. I forgive you. He took her hand and together they went off to get more cheese for Jacks cheese sack.Once upon a time, there was a man and his sack. The man was glad because the sack was filled with goodies. He put the sack in his car and drove off. On the way, he saw a little girl in the rain. He stopped the car and spoke to her. Man Do you need a ride, little girl? Girl Yes please. I am getting very wet! The man opened the car door for the girl and she hopped in. He asked her about her family and she said she was all alone. The man was sad. The man looked in his sack and saw some of his favorite treats. He offered the treats to the girl as a gift. She was so glad. The man smiled at the girl and said, Always be kind to others. There will always be people who need help and you can use your kindness to make a difference in their lives. The girl thanked the man for the sweets and for the kind words. The man then watched her go in the car. He was glad that he was able to help the little girl. The story teaches us that it is important to be kind to others. By showing kindness, we can help those who need it, and make a difference in their lives. So remember to be kind!Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She lived in a big house with her mommy and daddy. One day, Lilys mommy asked her to clean up her toys and put them in a sack. Lily was slow at first, but then she got faster and put all her toys in the sack. After Lily finished cleaning, she went upstairs to play in her room. Her room was upstairs, and it was her favorite place to play. She had lots of toys and books up there. Lily loved playing upstairs, but sometimes she was slow to come down for dinner. That night, Lilys mommy called her for dinner, but Lily was still playing upstairs. Her mommy had to call her a few times before she finally came down. Lilys mommy was happy that she had cleaned up her toys, but she reminded her to come down faster next time. And they all lived happily ever after. The end.Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Timmy. Timmy loved playing in the sand at the beach. He had a bucket and a shovel and he liked to make sandcastles. One day, Timmys friend Billy came to play with him. Billy had a shiny new toy truck. Timmy said, Wow, Billy! Your truck is so cool! Can I try playing with it? Billy said, Sure, Timmy. But be careful, its new. Timmy played with the truck for a while, but then he got bored. He said, Playing with the truck is dull. Lets go back to making sandcastles! Billy said, But Timmy, you didnt even try to make the truck go up the sand hill. Maybe you just need to try harder. Timmy thought about what Billy said and realized that he didnt give the truck a fair chance. He tried again and this time, he was able to make the truck go up the sand hill. Timmy learned that sometimes things may seem dull at first, but if you try harder, you might discover something new and exciting.Molly woke up feeling very happy. She looked outside and saw that it was sunny and the birds were singing. She smiled, as she knew what her day was going to be like. Molly got out of bed and went straight to the bathroom. She opened the door and saw the big bathtub, full of water and bubbles. She slid in, feeling the warm and wonderful water. She splashed around, feeling so refreshed and charming. After her bath, Molly put on her favourite dress, grabbed her favourite teddy bear and went outside. She felt so cheerful and so energized that she ran around the yard, laughing and playing. She was so happy to be outside, breathing in the fresh air and feeling the bright sun above her head. At the end of the day, Molly crawled back into bed, feeling so happy and relaxed. She snuggled up with her teddy bear and went right to sleep, dreaming of fun adventures.Sam and Mia are twins who like to play in the garden. They have a small patch where they grow radishes, carrots and lettuce. They are very proud of their vegetables and like to water them every day. One day, they hear a loud noise from the garden. They run outside and see a big rabbit nibbling on their radishes. The rabbit has long ears, a fluffy tail and a pink nose. It looks harmless, but Sam and Mia are angry. Hey, stop that! Sam shouts. Those are our radishes, not yours! The rabbit looks up and sees the twins. It is scared and hops away, dropping a radish on the ground. Come back here, you thief! Mia yells. You owe us a radish! The twins chase the rabbit, but it is too fast and disappears into the bushes. Sam and Mia are out of breath and sad. They look at their patch and see that the rabbit has eaten many of their radishes. Oh no, what are we going to do? Sam asks. We worked so hard to grow them. Mia thinks for a moment. Then she smiles and says, Dont worry, Sam. We still have some radishes left. And we have carrots and lettuce too. We can share them with the rabbit. Maybe he is hungry and lonely. Maybe he can be our friend. Sam nods and smiles too. He picks up the radish that the rabbit dropped and says, Okay, Mia. Lets share our vegetables with the rabbit. Maybe he will come back and say sorry. Maybe he will hear us and be nice. The twins go back to their patch and make a pile of radishes, carrots and lettuce. They leave a note that says, For the rabbit. From Sam and Mia. We want to be your friends. They hope that the rabbit will see their note and their vegetables and come back. They hope that the rabbit will hear their words and be kind. They hope that they can all play in the garden together.Once there was a little girl named Lucy. She was independent and wanted to do things all by herself. One day she was playing with a toy, but then it got stuck in her hand. She tried to pull it out but she couldnt. She started to tear up and her thumb hurt. Suddenly a big, bright butterfly flew in front of her. It fluttered around her head and Lucy started to smile. The butterfly flew over to a drawer, waved its wings, and the drawer opened! In the drawer Lucy saw a box full of new toys. She quickly grabbed a toy out of the box and smiled. When she tried to open the toy, her thumb slipped and she accidentally tore it open! Inside there were lots of colorful pieces and Lucy began to play. The butterfly flew away and Lucy was very happy to have opened the box all by herself. She now knew she didnt need to ask anyone else for help. She was very proud of her independent spirit.One day, Sammy and his family went to the park. Sammy had a red tray and he was very excited. He could not wait to go to the park. At the park, Sammy kept blinking because he saw something amazing. There were so many colorful birds around him. His parents were very helpful and they helped him put his red tray down. Suddenly, one of the birds landed on Sammys tray. Sammy was amazed and he kept blinking. He could not believe that the bird was in his tray. The bird said, Hi Sammy. I am so glad to meet you. Would you like to become my friend? Sammy was so happy and he smiled. He looked up to his parents and they nodded. Sammy nodded in excitement and said, Yes. I would love to be friends!Once upon a time, there was a little bird named Tweetie. Tweetie lived in a nest high up in a tree. She was glad because the nest was cozy and warm. One day, Tweetie saw a big, scary cat walking towards her tree. She knew she had to fly away fast. But Tweetie had never flown far before. She decided to jog around the tree to practice her wings. The next day, the cat came back. Tweetie was ready. She flapped her wings and flew away from the nest, just in time to escape the cats claws. From that day on, Tweetie was always ready to fly away and she was glad she had practiced jogging.Tom and Lily were twins who liked to play with their toys. They had many toys, but they always wanted more. They were spoiled children who did not share or say thank you. One day, their mom brought home a new blanket for them. It was soft and warm and had colorful animals on it. Wow, look at this blanket! Tom said. It is so nice. I want it for myself! No, I want it! Lily said. It is mine! You have enough toys already! They both grabbed the blanket and pulled hard. They did not care that they were hurting the blanket or each other. They only wanted to have it all. Stop it, you two! their mom said. This blanket is for both of you to share. If you cannot play nicely, I will take it away! But Tom and Lily did not listen. They kept fighting and yelling. They seemed very angry and mean. They did not notice that the blanket was tearing apart in their hands. Suddenly, the blanket ripped in half. The animals fell off and the stuffing came out. The blanket was ruined. Tom and Lily looked at the broken blanket and cried. Look what you did! Tom said. You ruined the blanket! No, you did! Lily said. You started it! They blamed each other and did not say sorry. Their mom was very sad and disappointed. She took away the blanket and their toys. She said they had to learn to be kind and grateful. She said they could not have any more new things until they changed their ways. Tom and Lily had no blanket and no toys. They had no fun and no friends. They were cold and lonely. They wished they had shared the blanket and played nicely. But it was too late. They had spoiled everything.One day, a wise bird named Blue had a pretty feather. Blue wanted to display the feather for all his friends to see. He put the feather on a big rock near the tree where he lived. A small bird named Tiny saw the feather and asked, Blue, what is that pretty thing on the rock? Blue said, It is my feather, Tiny. I want everyone to see how pretty it is! All day, Blues friends came to see the feather. They all said it was very pretty. Blue was happy that he could share his feather with his friends. They played near the feather until the sun went down.Once upon a time, there was a big wild forest. In the forest, there was a small house. In the house, there was a boy named Tim and his mom. Tim loved to play with his toy machine. One day, Tims mom told him not to go too far into the wild forest. Tim was playing near the forest with his toy machine. He saw a big tree and wanted to climb it. He put his toy machine down and started to climb. When he was up high, he saw a big bird. The big bird said, Hi Tim! I see your toy machine. It looks fun. Can I play with it? Tim said, Yes, but be careful. My mom told me not to go too far into the wild forest. The big bird took the toy machine and flew away. Tim was sad. He climbed down the tree and ran to his mom. He told her what happened. His mom said, I told you not to go too far into the wild forest. Now, we must find the big bird and get your toy machine back. Tim and his mom went into the wild forest. They saw the big bird and Tim pointed at it. The big bird saw them and said, Im sorry, Tim. I should have listened to you. Here is your toy machine. Tim was happy to have his toy machine back. He learned to listen to his mom and not go too far into the wild forest. The moral of the story is to always listen to your parents and be careful when playing near wild places.Once upon a time, there was a lively child named Timmy. Timmy loved to play outside and explore the world around him. One day, Timmy went to the park to play with his friends. As Timmy was playing, he saw a big dog lying under a tree. Timmys friend said, Dont go near that dog, he might bite you! But Timmy wanted to pet the dog, so he went closer. The dog didnt bite Timmy, instead, the dog licked Timmys hand. Timmy was happy and said, Im glad I didnt listen to you, my friend. That dog is friendly and likes to lie under the tree.Once upon a time, there lived two friends called Ben and Harold. One day, Ben ordered a uniform for Harold. He wanted it to be pale so he asked for a light blue one. They waited for their package to arrive anxious to see how the uniform looked. When it finally came in, Ben exclaimed Wow, it looks perfect!. Harold was so happy. He couldnt believe he had a new uniform that was already pale. He quickly put it on and twirled around to show off. Suddenly, Ben shouted out, That looks so good on you! Lets go play outside now! And so they raced outside in their new pale uniforms and had a great time!Tim and Jen were twins who liked to play in the snow. They had red mittens that their mom made for them. One day, they went outside to make a snowman. They rolled big balls of snow and stacked them up. They found a carrot, a hat and some buttons for the snowmans face. But then, a big dog came running towards them. It was black and hairy and had sharp teeth. It barked loudly and jumped on the snowman. It knocked down the balls of snow and bit the carrot. Tim and Jen were frightened. They ran back to the house, but they dropped their mittens on the way. The dog saw the mittens and thought they were toys. It grabbed them with its mouth and tore them apart. It made a big mess of wool and threads. Tim and Jen arrived at the house and told their mom what happened. They were sad and scared. Their mom hugged them and said she was sorry. She said she would make them new mittens, but it would take a long time. Tim and Jen cried and wished they had their red mittens back. They did not like the big dog. It was a bad day.Once upon a time, there was a boy. He had a funny looking notebook. His mom said, Oh what a sweet notebook you have! One day, the boy was playing outside when he saw something sour on the ground. It was a tiny green sour fruit! He said, Yum! He picked it up, put it in his notebook, and took it home. When he got home, he showed it to his parents. Mom said, Why did you bring a sour fruit home? The boy said, To remember it. I like sour things! His parents laughed and said, Okay, if you like it, keep it in your notebook! So the boy kept the sour fruit in his notebook as a special reminder of his adventure outside.Mum and Dad took me to the park. We saw lots of birds and animals and Mum said it was fun. But then something happened. Dad saw an ambulance and he said it was dangerous. Dad wanted to go and help so he said goodbye and ran over to the ambulance. Mum and I waited and waited. We were very worried because Dad was gone so long. Then we heard sirens and the ambulance drove away very quickly. Where is Dad? I asked. Hes safe, Mum said. He finished helping the ambulance drivers and now hes coming back to us. I was so happy and relief when we saw Dad coming back. We waved and he smiled. Then we hugged him and it was the best hug ever.Once upon a time, there was a fat war. Everyone was unhappy and scared. But then one special day, a hero came to help. She was really brave and she wanted to restore the peace. The hero used her courage and strength to stop the war. Everyone was so happy and thankful to her. The hero restored the peace, and everyone danced and smiled. The hero was so brave and amazing that she was given a medal of honor. Everyone cheered for her, and they all hugged and thanked her. From that day on, the peace was restored and no one was sad or scared anymore. Everyone lived happily ever after and the hero was always remembered as the one who saved them. The EndOnce upon a time, there was a little bird named Tweetie. Tweetie lived in a big tree with all of her bird friends. One day, a big storm came and disturbed the birds peaceful home. The wind blew so hard that it knocked down some of the branches and made the birds scared. Tweetie and her friends decided to fly away to find a new home. They searched and searched until they found a beautiful garden with impressive flowers and a little pond. They decided to make their new home there and it was the best decision they ever made. From that day on, Tweetie and her friends lived a happy life in the garden. They sang songs, ate yummy seeds, and played in the sun. They never forgot their old home, but they were grateful for their new one. Sometimes, when the wind blew hard, it would disturb their peaceful life, but they knew they could always find a new home if they had to.Once upon a time, in a deep, deep forest, there was a little girl named Lucy. She loved to play with her toy iron. One day, she took her toy iron and went to the forest to play. As she played, she heard a loud scream. Lucy was scared, but she wanted to help. She picked up her toy iron and followed the sound of the scream. She found a small bird stuck in a hole. The bird was very scared and screamed again. Lucy used her toy iron to help the bird get out of the hole. The bird was so happy and flew away. Lucy felt good for helping the bird and went back home with her toy iron.Lily and Ben like to play football in the park. They have a big ball that is red and white. They kick the ball to each other and run after it. Sometimes they fall down, but they laugh and get up. One day, they see a big dog in the park. The dog is black and brown and has sharp teeth. The dog sees the ball and runs to it. Lily and Ben are scared. They want their ball back, but the dog is faster and stronger. Hey, thats our ball! Ben shouts at the dog. He tries to grab the ball, but the dog bites his hand. Ben screams and lets go of the ball. He looks at his hand and sees blood. It hurts a lot. Lily runs to Ben and hugs him. She cries and says, Ben, are you okay? We need to find mom and dad. They can help you. But mom and dad are not in the park. They are at work. Lily and Ben are alone. They dont know what to do. They look at the dog, who is still playing with the ball. The dog growls and barks at them. He doesnt want to share the ball. Lily and Ben are sad and scared. They lost their ball and their fun. Bens hand is hurt and bleeding. They wish they never saw the dog. They wish they stayed home.One day, Max was walking around the park. He was looking at the trees and the flowers. Suddenly he saw a picture on a bench. Max went to the bench and looked at the picture. He was very curious. He asked, What is this picture? A busy bee flew by and answered, Its a beautiful flower. Max smiled. He thanked the bee and continued walking. Max loved looking at the pictures in the park. He answered that the purple flower was his favorite. Then he said goodbye to the bee and ran off. Max spent the rest of the afternoon busy looking at different pictures in the park. By the time he was ready to go home, Max had seen many beautiful pictures. He was happy and content.Once upon a time there was a little girl called Jessie. She was very curious and one day she became very interested in tasting a comet. Even though she knew it was not allowed, she decided to have a bite. It tasted strange, not at all like the usual sweet treats she was used to. Jessie was so amazed that she decided to have another bite. Unfortunately, this time her parents saw her. As soon as they came out of the house, they shouted at Jessie for tasting a comet without asking them first. She was so ashamed and ran away Immediately, stopping only when she reached the woods. She stayed there for hours, thinking about her mistake. In the end, she decided to go home, apologise to her parents and promise them never to do it again. Jessie learned an important lesson that day never taste a comet without asking first.Once upon a time, there was a small nail. It was lonely and wanted to be useful. It asked the other nails in the toolbox, What can I do? But the other nails just looked at it and said nothing. So the nail decided to make a plan by itself. It said, I will give my best to do something. Even if it takes me a long time, I will keep at it! The nail was very persistent. It tried and tried to work, but it just couldnt do what it wanted. Then one day, a carpenter saw the nail. The carpenter said, Dont worry. I will give you an important job. The nail was made part of a big project and it was happy. It learned that being patient and persistent can make things happen. Moral of the story Being persistent can help turn dreams into reality.Once upon a time, there was a shelf. On the shelf were two small books. One had a blue cover, the other had a red cover. The books had mild colors that were very nice. They made the shelf look nice, too. The books liked to be displayed on the shelf. When they were displayed, they felt happy and special. They liked that they were able to show off their colors. The colors were bright and happy, just like the books. The books were very happy when they were displayed on the shelf. Everyone who saw the books felt happy, too.Once upon a time there was a big, slow bear. He lived in the forest and was always very careful. One day he heard some news. It was a warning about a large fire! The bear quickly went to tell the other animals. He shouted, âœBe careful! Thereâs a big fire coming this way!â The animals were very scared. Everyone ran away looking for a safe place. The bear moved slowly, but he managed to find a safe spot to hide. The fire came closer and closer, but luckily it passed by without burning the bear or the other animals. When it was safe, the bear warned everyone to be cautious and to always keep their eyes open for danger!Once upon a time, there was a farmer who grew lots of corn. He was a very helpful man and loved to share his corn with his friends. One day, his friend who was a girl told him that she wanted to marry him. The farmer was surprised but happy. He said yes and they got married. They had a big feast with lots of corn and everyone had a great time. From that day on, they worked together on the farm and grew lots of corn. They were very happy together.Jill was so excited to go to the parade. Her little brother, Steve, was too! They both loved to watch the happy music, colorful floats, and funny costumes. All day long they worked hard to get ready. When they finally got to the parade, it was even better than Jill expected. Everybody was smiling and laughing. There were clowns and candy and drums and everything! But then a rude person ruined the fun. He was loud and disrespectful, and he shouted at the people around him. Everyone was sad and angry. Jill was feeling down but then Steve had an idea. He wanted to show the rude person that it was better to be kind. So he started clapping, and the other people followed. Everybody smiled again and the parade went on. Steves idea worked! He had turned a bad thing into a good thing. Now Jill and Steve knew that it was always better to be nice even when things were tough.Ben and Sam are brothers. They like to play with cars and trucks. They have a big box of toys in their room. One day, they want to play with the same truck. It is red and shiny and has a loud horn. Give me the truck! Ben says. He tries to grab it from Sam. No, it is mine! Sam says. He holds the truck tight. They pull and push and shout. They do not share. They do not yield. Mom hears the noise. She comes to their room. She sees the mess and the angry faces. What is going on here? Mom asks. She is not happy. Ben wants my truck! Sam says. Sam wont let me have it! Ben says. Mom shakes her head. She picks up the truck and puts it on a shelf. Enough! Mom says. You are both poor at playing. You need to learn to take turns and be kind. No truck for either of you until you say sorry and hug. Ben and Sam look at the truck. They look at each other. They feel sad and sorry. They do not want to fight. They say sorry and hug. Mom smiles. She gives them the truck back. Good boys, Mom says. Now you can play nicely. And remember to yield sometimes. It is good to share. Ben and Sam nod. They thank Mom. They play with the truck together. They make it go fast and slow and honk the horn. They have fun. They see the light.Once upon a time, there was a happy family. Mommy, Daddy, and little Timmy. They wanted to go on a trip. Daddy said, Lets pack our bags! Timmy helped pack his toys and clothes. Mommy packed snacks for the trip. When they got to the airport, Daddy said, Do you have your passport, Mommy? Mommy said, Yes, its in my bag. Timmy asked, Whats a passport? Daddy said, Its a special paper that lets us go to other countries. They got on the plane and Timmy was so excited. He looked out the window and saw the clouds. Mommy said, Are you cheerful, Timmy? Timmy said, Yes, I am! I love going on trips with my family. They had a great time on their trip and Timmy couldnt wait to pack his bags again for their next adventure.Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the sun. One day, she saw a butterfly that was purple. She wanted to catch it, but it flew away. Lily then saw her mom cleaning the glass window with a spray bottle. She asked her mom if she could help. Her mom said yes, and gave her a cloth to wipe the glass. Lily sprayed the glass with the spray bottle and wiped it with the cloth. After cleaning the glass, Lily went back outside to play. She saw the purple butterfly again and tried to catch it. But it flew away again. Lily was sad, but she remembered how fun it was to help her mom clean the glass.Lily and Ben were twins who liked to play in their room. They had a big curtain that hung from the ceiling and made a wall in the middle of the room. Sometimes they pretended that the curtain was a door to a different place, like a castle or a jungle or a spaceship. One day, they decided to play a game of hide and seek. Lily said, I will count to ten and you hide behind the curtain. Then I will try to find you. Ben nodded and ran behind the curtain. Lily closed her eyes and counted out loud, One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten! Ready or not, here I come! Lily opened her eyes and looked around the room. She saw a small bump under the bed, a pile of toys in the corner, and a lamp on the table. She thought, Where is Ben? Maybe he is under the bed. She walked to the bed and lifted the blanket. But there was no Ben, only a stuffed bear. She said, Oops, not here! She moved to the corner and looked at the toys. She saw a truck, a ball, a doll, and a book. She thought, Maybe he is behind the toys. She pushed the toys aside and looked behind them. But there was no Ben, only a spider web. She said, Yuck, not here! She walked to the table and looked at the lamp. She saw a cord, a switch, a shade, and a bulb. She thought, Maybe he is under the lamp. She lifted the lamp and looked under it. But there was no Ben, only a dust bunny. She said, Ew, not here! She scratched her head and wondered, Where is Ben? He is very good at hiding. Maybe he is behind the curtain. She ran to the curtain and pulled it aside. But there was no Ben, only a big hole. She gasped and said, Oh no, the curtain is split! She heard a giggle from the other side of the hole. She looked through it and saw Ben. He was smiling and holding a pair of scissors. He said, Surprise! I made a new door. Do you like it? He was very playful and thought it was funny. Lily was not amused. She was angry and sad. She said, Ben, that was not nice. You ruined the curtain. Mom and Dad will be mad. How will we fix it? She started to cry. Ben realized that he had made a mistake. He felt sorry and ashamed. He said, Im sorry, Lily. I didnt mean to make you cry. I just wanted to have fun. Please dont be mad at me. Maybe we can sew the curtain back together. Or maybe we can find a new curtain. Or maybe we can pretend that the hole is a window. Can we still be friends? Lily looked at Ben and saw that he was sincere. She wiped her tears and said, OK, Ben. I forgive you. But you have to promise not to cut the curtain again. And you have to help me clean up the mess. And you have to let me hide next time. Deal? Ben nodded and said, Deal. Im sorry, Lily. I love you. He hugged her and said, You are the best sister ever. Lily hugged him back and said, You are the best brother ever. But you are also very naughty. Come on, lets go find Mom and Dad and tell them what happened. Maybe they will not be too mad if we say we are sorry and we will fix it. They held hands and walked out of the room. They hoped that Mom and Dad would understand. They learned that playing is fun, but not when it hurts someone or something. They also learned that saying sorry and forgiving are important when you make a mistake. They were still twins who liked to play, but they were also more careful and kind.The little girl was so excited! She had been waiting all day. It was finally time to go outside and see the moon. She put on her pink dress and quickly ran outside. The moon was so big and so bright! It shone pink in the sky and the little girl was amazed. She stared at it for a long time and felt so happy and excited. Then she ran back inside, full of excitement and joy.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the mud with her boots on. One day, her mom said, Lily, its time to come inside and clean your boots. Lily replied, Why do I have to clean my boots? Theyre not dirty. Her mom said, Yes, they are. Look at all the mud on them. Lily sighed and said, Okay, Ill clean them. As she was cleaning her boots, she noticed something happening outside. She ran to the window and saw that it was raining. She yelled to her mom, Mom! Look! Its raining! Can I go play in the rain with my clean boots? Her mom smiled and said, Yes, you can. Just be careful and have fun!Once upon a time, there was an old lady who lived in a big house. She had a lucky cat named Mittens. Mittens was always by her side and they liked to play together. One day, the old ladys clothes shrunk in the dryer and she couldnt wear them anymore. She was sad because she didnt have any money to buy new clothes. But then, she remembered something lucky. Mittens had a special collar that could grant wishes. The old lady made a wish to have new clothes that fit her. Suddenly, her clothes grew back to their old size and she was so happy! She hugged Mittens and thanked him for being so lucky.Once upon a time, there was a little boat that lived in the sea. The boat wanted to explore the world, so it set sail every morning. One day, the boat was sailing through the ocean, when it noticed a big salty wave. The boat was a bit scared, but it still tried to bravely sail through the wave. Just then, two other boats came sailing past it. It was a race! The boats were very competitive, but the little boat didnt want to compete. It just wanted to explore the world. Suddenly, the little boat noticed a tiny hole in the bottom of its boat. The salty wave had made the hole! Now, the little boat could not sail safely anymore. The moral of the story is that its important to focus on exploring rather than competing. We can still have fun, but its best to be careful and not to let competition get in the way.One day, a little girl named Emma was very excited. She had been waiting for the mail to come. When she heard the mailman coming, she ran outside to meet him. He smiled and handed her a small gray box. Whats this? asked Emma. Its a special mask for you! said the mailman. I think youll like it. Emma was so excited, she hugged the mailman and ran inside. She quickly opened the box and found a beautiful, gray mask inside. It had sparkly pink and purple sequins around the edges. Emma smiled and put the mask on. She looked in the mirror and was so proud of herself. She loved her new mask and knew that she would wear it all the time.Lila and Ben are twins who love to play pirates. They have a big box that they pretend is their ship, and a map that shows them where to find treasure. One day, they decide to sail to a famous island that has a lot of gold and jewels. Look, Ben, this is the island we need to go to, Lila says, pointing to the map. It has a big X on it. That means treasure! Wow, Lila, that looks amazing! Ben says. But how do we get there? We need to follow the map. Lila looks at the map and sees that it has some pictures and words on it. She tries to read them, but they are too hard for her. She only knows some letters and sounds. I dont know, Ben. The map has some things I cant read. Maybe we can ask Mom or Dad to help us. But Mom and Dad are busy in the kitchen, making lunch. They dont hear Lila and Ben calling them. Maybe we can figure it out ourselves, Ben says. Lets look at the pictures. They might tell us something. Lila and Ben look at the pictures on the map. They see a sun, a cloud, a star, a fish, and a tree. They try to match them with what they see outside the window. Look, Lila, there is the sun! Ben says. It is bright and yellow. Maybe that means we have to go to the east, where the sun rises. Good idea, Ben! Lila says. And there is the cloud! It is white and fluffy. Maybe that means we have to go to the north, where it is cold. Lets try it, Lila! Ben says. Come on, lets get in our ship and sail away! Lila and Ben get in their box and pretend to steer it with a stick. They make sounds like waves and wind. They imagine they are sailing to the famous island. Are we there yet, Lila? Ben asks. I dont know, Ben. Let me check the map, Lila says. She takes out the map and tries to fit it in the box. But the map is too big for the box. It sticks out from the sides and the corners. Oh no, Ben, the map doesnt fit! Lila says. What do we do, Lila? Ben says. I dont know, Ben. Maybe we can fold it or cut it, Lila says. But before they can do anything, Mom and Dad come to the living room. They see Lila and Ben in their box, with the map. What are you two doing? Mom asks. We are playing pirates, Mom, Lila says. We are sailing to a famous island with treasure. But we have a problem. The map doesnt fit in our ship. Mom and Dad smile. They think Lila and Ben are very cute and creative. Thats a very nice game, Lila and Ben, Dad says. But you dont need to worry about the map. We can help you read it and find the island. And we can also make you some sandwiches and juice for your journey. How does that sound? Lila and Ben are very happy. They thank Mom and Dad for their help. They are excited to continue their adventure. They hope they will find the treasure soon.Once upon a time, a little girl named Lucy was walking through an old garden. The garden was full of tall trees, colourful flowers and lots of buzzing bees. Suddenly, Lucy saw something shining in the sunlight. Curious, Lucy eagerly went to have a closer look. It was a thin, silver tray! She copied the little tray and carried it carefully. Suddenly, Lucy heard a voice behind her. When Lucy turned around, she saw an old man sitting on the bench. He said, Do you want to send it to your mother? Lucy was surprised and thought for a moment. Finally, she smiled and said, Yes! Ill send it to my mummy! The old man smiled and said, Thats a great idea. Go ahead and send it to your mummy! So, Lucy held the tray tightly and ran home. When she reached the front door, Lucy excitedly sent the tray to her mother. The tray arrived perfectly, and her mother was very happy. From then on, Lucy always sent special gifts to her mother!The birds were in the sky, soaring high. They seemed to have no worries in the world. Even so, one bird wasnt quite like the rest. It was a brave bird, an obedient bird. The brave bird noticed something down below. A dark hole that seemed to have no bottom. He wanted to explore it. He flapped his wings and soared towards the mysterious hole. He could feel the excitement as he flew closer and closer. He started to slow down and eventually he was directly over the hole. He hesitated for a moment, but then he took the plunge! He dived into the hole, wings tucked in. It was a bit scary, but he kept going. He kept his wings tucked in tight and eventually, he reached the bottom. The brave bird was nowobediently exploring the bottom of the mysterious hole.Once upon a time there was a brave girl called Daisy. Daisy was very adventurous and always wanted to explore. One day, Daisy found a big wooden box with a lock on it. She wondered what was inside and wanted to open it up. But the lock was too hard to open, no matter how much she tried. Then Daisy had an idea. She remembered that her dad had given her an old key, so she grabbed it and put it into the lock. She turned the key and click, the lock opened! Inside the box was a map with an X marked on it. Daisy quickly grabbed the map and set off for the X. It was a long journey, but Daisy was brave and kept going. When Daisy arrived at the X she found a magical doorway. She stepped inside and entered a wondrous, mysterious world. But it was a dangerous world and Daisy soon started to suffer. Luckily, with all of her courage and strength, Daisy managed to find her way out and returned home safe and sound. What an amazing and unforgettable adventure she had had!Once upon a time, there was a slow snail named Sam. Sam loved to collect leaves from the big tree. Every day, Sam would go on a little trip to find the best leaves he could. One day, Sam found a special leaf. It had a symbol on it. The symbol looked like a smiley face. Sam was very happy to find this leaf. He knew it was a special leaf for his collection. Sam showed the special leaf to his friends. His friends thought it was very cool. They all wanted to find leaves with symbols too. So, they all went on a slow adventure to collect more special leaves. And they all had a fun day together.Once upon a time there was a little girl named Adele. She was always in a hurry to go outside and play with her friends. One evening, Adeleâs mom told her to hurry to the kitchen and help with the dinner. Adele ran to the kitchen and saw her mom had the table all set. When the food was ready, Adeleâs mom said, âœLetâs all say a prayer before eating. The prayer reminded Adele of how compassionate her mom was. After the prayer, Adele, her mom, and her dad all enjoyed the dinner. Adele was so happy she got to help make it. And she was happy that her mom was so compassionate and caring.Once upon a time, there was a dog named Spot. Spot was a very stupid dog. He liked to play with his ball all day. One day, Spot saw a big bottle. The bottle had wine in it. Spot did not know what wine was. A cat named Whiskers walked by. Whiskers was a smart cat. Whiskers said, Spot, do not play with the wine. It is not for dogs. But Spot did not listen. He wanted to welcome the wine into his playtime. Spot played with the wine bottle. He kicked it with his paw. The bottle broke! Wine went all over the floor. Spot was sad. He knew he should have listened to Whiskers. Now, Spot had no ball and no wine to play with.Once there was a little girl. She loved films. Her favourite films were magical and exciting. One day, she asked for something very special. She asked her mummy to bring her a perfect film. Mummy said yes and went away to get it. The little girl was very happy! She waited in her room until mummy came back. Mummy brought the perfect film, and they watched it together. It was filled with adventure, and it was just what the little girl wanted. When the film finished, the little girl felt so happy. She thanked mummy for bringing her the perfect film. They hugged and shared a smile.once upon a time, there was a little girl named Sophie. She was 3 years old and loved fruit. One day when Sophie was walking in the park she spotted a pear in a nearby tree. She excitedly ran over to get her treat but when she tried to pick it, the pear was too high for her to reach. Just then a friendly neighbour saw Sophies plight and smiled. Would you like me to help you reach the pear? he asked. Sophie quickly nodded yes, but then stopped and looked embarrassed. Im sorry, I dont have any money. The neighbour laughed and told her not to worry. He climbed up the tree and handed Sophie the pear. This one is for you, he said. Sophie smiled and thanked her neighbour before skipping off, happily cradling the pear in her little hands.Once upon a time, in a big forest, there was a little bunny named Ben. Ben loved to eat fruits, and his favorite fruit was the red apple. He thought apples had the best taste in the whole world. One day, Ben saw an impressive tree with big, red apples. Ben wanted to remove the apples from the tree, but he was too small. He jumped and jumped, but he could not reach them. He was very sad. Then, a tall giraffe named Gina saw Ben and asked, Why are you sad? Ben told Gina about the apples and how he could not remove them. Gina wanted to help. She used her long neck to reach the apples. She removed them and gave them to Ben. Ben was so happy! He shared the apples with Gina, and they became the best of friends. From that day on, they always helped each other and shared their favorite fruits.Once upon a time, there was a lovely little girl named Lucy. She liked to play with her toys and wear pretty clothes. One day, Lucys mom bought her a new dress. It was pink and had a big bow on the front. Lucy was very happy. Lucy put on her new dress and went outside to play. She saw her friend, Tom, playing with his ball. Hi, Tom! said Lucy. Look at my new dress! Tom looked at Lucys dress and said, Wow, thats a lovely dress, Lucy! Lucy and Tom played together all day. They played catch with the ball and ran around in the grass. When it was time to go home, Lucys dress was dirty. She was sad, but her mom said, Dont worry, Lucy. We can wash your dress and it will be clean again. Lucys mom washed her dress and hung it up to dry. The next day, Lucy put on her clean dress and said, Thank you, Mom, for washing my dress. It looks lovely again! Her mom smiled and said, Youre welcome, Lucy. Now go have fun and play with your friends! And so, Lucy went outside to play with her friends, wearing her lovely clean dress. She was happy and thankful for her mom who helped her keep her clothes clean.Once upon a time, there was a young girl named Sarah. One day, Sarah wanted to do something fun, so she made a plan. She ran to her mom and said, Mommy, can I plan a party? Her mom smiled and said, Yes, you can plan a party. What do you want to do? Sarah said, I want to have some friends over and play games. We can have a prize for the winner! Her mom thought it was a wonderful idea, so she helped Sarah plan the party. The next day, Sarahs friends came over and they all had a great time playing games. After all the games were done, Sarahs mom announced the winner and gave them the prize. Everyone was happy and laughed a lot. They all had a friendly time together. Sarah was so proud of herself for planning such a fun party.Billy was so excited, it was his birthday. His mom gave him a present, it was a shiny new jacket. He tried it on and loved it. It was so soft and warm. Billy showed his dad the jacket and said Look Dad, I got a new jacket! His dad said Wow, thats great Billy! You have to take good care of it. Billy took it to school the next day and was so proud of it. However, at lunch time he was not so careful. His friends wanted to play a funny game, and Billy was silly and decided to join them. The game was so silly, it made everyone laugh. But during the game, Billy jumped too hard and his zipper split open. Billy felt so stupid but his friends said Dont worry, its just a zipper, you can replace it. Billy was sad because he knew his mom would be upset. He knew he had spoiled his new jacket and was really embarrassed. He went home and asked his mom for help. Fortunately, his mom saw how sorry Billy was and told him not to be so stupid. She said it was an accident and helped him fix the jacket. Billy was so relieved. He learned an important life lesson that day. His mom had saved the day!Once upon a time, there was a boy called Bill. Bill went to the park to have fun and play. Soon, it got dark and cold outside. Bill was scared and decided to kneel down. He saw something dead in front of him and was even more scared. He slowly backed away and ran home. Inside his house, it was warm and cozy. He forgot all about the cold and the dead thing he saw. He hugged his mum and dad and went to bed, feeling safe and happy. The next day, it was sunny and warm again. Bill went back to the park to play with his friends. He was brave and did not kneel down, but ran around and smiled. He soon forgot all about the cold and the dead thing. Everything was now bright and happy at the park.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lila. She loved to watch the sunset every day. But one day, as she looked up in the sky and saw the beautiful colors of the sun setting, she noticed something else a green cloud! Lila felt so curious, she had never seen anything like it before! She quickly ran off to find someone who could explain what it was. At last, she found her father and said, Daddy, what is that green cloud in the sky? Her father smiled and said, Thats a special cloud, Lila. Its called a sunset cloud and its a beautiful gift from the sun. We have to accept it as part of nature. Lila smiled and said, Okay, I accept. From then on, Lila saw the sunset cloud every day and felt happy that she had accepted this beautiful gift from the sun.Once upon a time, in a big green forest, there lived a big lion. The lion liked to roar very loud. He thought it was fun to scare all the little animals. One day, a small mosquito came to the forest. The mosquito was very selfish. It wanted all the other animals to listen to it. But the lion roared louder and no one could hear the mosquito. The mosquito felt sad and asked the lion to stop roaring. The lion saw that the mosquito was selfish, but he decided to be kind. The lion stopped roaring and the mosquito was happy. The animals in the forest learned to share and be nice to each other.Once upon a time there was an otter who lived in the river. He was always happy and friendly to everyone he saw. One day, he noticed an angry bird standing on a log near the water. The otter swam over to him and said, Hello, are you okay? The bird was too angry to speak so he just stared at the otter. The otter thought for a moment, then offered If it would help, I could listen to your story. The bird thought about it and then agreed, so the otter closed his eyes and listened. As the bird spoke, the otters heart grew closer to the bird, until the birds anger turned to tears. The otter opened his eyes and said softly, Your story is over now, and you no longer have to be alone. The bird thanked the otter, and they said goodbye, each one smiling and grateful. The moral of the story is that sometimes it takes courage to deal with our anger. We dont have to handle it all by ourselves, as a listening ear can transform our hearts and bring us closer together.Once upon a time there was an old crocodile. He lived in a pond in a big forest. Everywhere he went he saw lots of animals but he never recognized them. He had never seen anyone else like himself. One day, while he was swimming in the pond, he saw something familiar. It was another crocodile! The old crocodile was so happy. He swam closer to take a better look and the other crocodile began to move its tail. He recognized it was a friend. The old crocodile was so happy. He swam around the pond with his new friend. Everywhere they went, the other animals would come and say hello to the two crocodiles. Now he was not alone anymore!One day, a little girl named Lily went for a walk. She saw a tidy house with a pretty garden. In the garden, there was a twisty path. Lily walked on the path and found a cross at the end. She was very curious. Lily heard a voice and turned around. Hi, I am Tom, said a little boy. Do you like my twisty path and cross? Lily smiled and said, Yes, I like it a lot. Your house and garden are very tidy too. Tom was happy to hear this. Thank you! I work hard to keep it clean. Do you want to play with me? Lily nodded her head. They played together all day long. They became good friends and loved to explore the twisty path and the cross in the tidy garden.Once upon a time, there was a bald man who loved to swim in the river. He had a dog named Spot who loved to play fetch with a bone. One day, the man and Spot went to the river to swim and play. As they were swimming, a big fish jumped out of the water and scared Spot. Woof woof! Scary! barked Spot. The man laughed and said, Dont worry, Spot. The fish wont hurt us. But as they continued to swim, the man suddenly felt something grab his leg. It was a big alligator! Help! Help! he cried. Spot tried to save him by biting the alligators tail, but it was too late. The alligator took the man underwater and he never came back up. Spot was very sad and went home alone without his owner. He missed the man and the bone they used to play with. From that day on, Spot never went back to the river again.Once upon a time, there were two friends who went to a restaurant. Their names were Tommy and Jenny. They decided to have lunch together. They looked at all of the food on the menu and then chose something to eat. Tommy wanted something sour, so he chose a sour drink and some sour candy. Jenny wanted something sweet, so she chose a sweet drink and some sweet candy. They were so excited for their snacks. When their food arrived, Jenny noticed that the waiter had separated her sweet and sour snacks onto two separate plates. She was very confused. Jenny asked the waiter, âœWhy did you separate our snacks?â The waiter smiled and said, âœI thought you wanted your snacks to be separate.â Jenny felt sad that her snacks were not together and she wanted to be with her friendâs snacks. But, no matter how much Jenny asked, the waiter would not put them back together. So, Tommy and Jenny left the restaurant, and their snacks were still separated. They were both very sad, and they never went back to the restaurant again.Lila was a modest girl who liked to help her mom and dad. She did not ask for many toys or treats. She was happy with her books and dolls. One day, she saw a big train at the park. It had many cars and a loud whistle. Lila wanted to ride the train, but she was afraid. She asked her mom, Can I ride the train, please? Her mom said, Yes, you can, but you have to try. It is not scary, it is fun. You can hold my hand if you want. Lila nodded and followed her mom to the train. She saw a long line of people waiting to get on. She saw some kids who were excited and some who were nervous. She felt her heart beat fast. When it was their turn, her mom helped her climb on the train. She sat on a seat near the rail. She held her moms hand tight. She heard the whistle blow and the train start to move. She closed her eyes. Her mom said, Look, Lila, look at the trees and the flowers and the animals. They are so pretty. The train is going fast, but it is safe. You are brave, Lila, you are trying something new. Lila opened her eyes and looked around. She saw the green grass and the blue sky and the yellow sun. She saw the birds and the squirrels and the rabbits. She saw the other kids smiling and waving. She felt the wind in her hair and the sun on her face. She felt her moms hand warm and soft. She felt a smile on her lips. She said, Mom, I like the train. It is fun. Thank you for helping me try. Her mom said, You are welcome, Lila. I am proud of you. You learned that trying new things can be good. You are a modest and brave girl, Lila, and I love you. They hugged and enjoyed the rest of the ride. Lila was happy. She had tried something new and she had liked it. She had learned a lesson. She had made her mom proud.A soldier was walking around the park when he saw a cool playground. He smiled as he remembered when he was a little boy and used to play in the same playground. He sat down on the swing and looked around. Suddenly, he noticed something big next to him. It was a big, cool dragonfly! He was very surprised to see it and he didnt know what to do. The soldier reached out to touch the dragonfly but it quickly flew away! He was sad that the dragonfly was gone but he knew he had made a friend. He was sure that when he came back to the park, the dragonfly would be back too. The soldier smiled and decided to take a walk around the park. He heard some children playing and laughing. He waved at them and they waved back. He felt happy knowing that they all had made a cool new friend.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Molly. Every day, Molly liked to take a walk and explore. Today, Molly decided to explore something new. She walked and walked, until she came to a place that was very different an igloo! Molly had never seen an igloo before, and she was so excited! Molly went inside and looked around. It was so fine! Molly was so happy that she wanted to share this with her friends. She ran back outside and grabbed an envelope from the ground. Molly carefully put a note she had written in the envelope, and she put a stamp on it. She put it in the mail box and hoped that it would reach her friends soon! Molly was so happy that she went back to the igloo and explored it more. She had a wonderful day, and she thanked the mail for helping her share her new discovery with her friends!Tom and Jen are twins. They like to play in the yard. One day, they find a big iron thing. It is brown and hard and has holes. What is this? Tom asks. I dont know. Maybe a toy, Jen says. They try to lift it, but it is too heavy. They try to push it, but it does not move. They try to make noise with it, but it is too quiet. It is no fun, Tom says. Lets go find something else, Jen says. But Tom is stubborn. He wants to know what the iron thing is. He notices a wire coming out of it. He follows the wire to the wall. He sees a plug. Maybe this makes it work, he says. He pulls the plug out of the wall. Nothing happens. He puts the plug back in the wall. Nothing happens. See? It is no good, Jen says. But Tom is still stubborn. He notices a button on the iron thing. He pushes the button. Suddenly, the iron thing makes a hissing sound. Steam comes out of the holes. It is very hot. Ow! Ow! Ow! Tom screams. He drops the iron thing. It falls on his foot. It hurts a lot. Tom! Tom! Are you okay? Jen asks. She runs to him. She hugs him. She cries. Mom hears the noise. She comes to the yard. She sees the iron thing. She sees Toms foot. She is very angry. Who did this? she asks. Tom and Jen look at each other. They are very scared. They say nothing.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy liked going to the theater with his mommy. They would go there every weekend. It was their regular thing to do. One day, Timmy saw a big, red balloon. He wanted it so much, but his mommy said no. Timmy was sad and started to cry. A man came up to Timmy and asked him what was wrong. Timmy pointed to the balloon and said he wanted it. The man said he could have it and gave it to him. Timmy was happy and thanked the man. But when they got home, the balloon popped and Timmy started to cry again. His mommy tried to fix it, but it was too late. Timmy was sad and wished he had listened to his mommy.Once upon a time there was a young boy named Tom. Tom was very modest and always very nice to everyone. One day while Tom was out walking, he noticed a thick layer of creamy white snow on the ground. Tom couldnt help but smile. He loved the snow! Lets make a snowman! he said out loud. He started picking up the snow and rolling it into a ball. After a few minutes he had a big round snowball! He rolled it to another spot and did the same until he had 3 balls of snow. Then he put them all together. Tom searched around for some decorations and found some rocks to use as eyes, a branch for the nose and finally a scarf to wrap around the snowmans neck. Tom stepped back and smiled. He had made a very modest snowman. He folded his hands and said a quiet prayer. Thank you for giving me this snow. I wish the snowman could come to life and be my friend. Suddenly there was a bright sparkle of light, and the snowman started moving! His eyes twinkled and he blinked at Tom. Can I have some cream please? the snowman asked. It was magical! Tom quickly ran inside the house and got some cream for the snowman. After they shared the cream, Tom hugged his new snowman friend, and they started to play.John was walking to the beach. He saw a tall man wearing a hat. John Hi, do you know where I can find some oysters? Tall man Yes, I do. Youll find them by the pier. John nodded and continued down the beach until he finally spotted the oysters by the pier. He bent down to pick one up, but the tall man quickly grabbed his shoulder. Tall man You should be careful. Oysters have sharp shells! John thanked the tall man and lifted an oyster with his hands. But he didnt notice that he had been surrounded by three large boys. One of the boys Hey, give us the oyster! John stepped back but the boys moved closer until he finally had to hand over the oyster. The boys smiled at John and walked away, soon disappearing into the sun. John was left without the oyster, feeling sad and very scared.Mum and Dad were very worried. Little Jack was very ill and the doctor said he needed to do an operation. It was very dangerous, so the whole family went to the shop to buy everything for it. First, Mum bought a big bed and some pillows, then Dad got a lot of medicine. He was worried too, but he was brave. After that, they bought some toys for Little Jack. They wanted to make him smile even if he was feeling poorly. And lastly, Mum and Dad bought something special a big toy car for Little Jack. They said it was to say thank you for being brave. Little Jack smiled when he saw his toy car. Then everyone went to the hospital together and the doctor did the dangerous operation. Afterwards, Little Jack was back at home with his family. He was much better and they were very happy.Ben and Mia liked to play hide and seek in the park. They took turns to count and hide. One day, they saw a big boat on the lake. It was unique. It had many colors and shapes on it. It looked like a toy. Wow, look at that boat! Mia said. It is so pretty and fun! Lets go see it! Ben said. Maybe we can hide on it! They ran to the boat and climbed on board. They saw many rooms and things on the boat. They decided to hide in different places. Mia hid under a table with a cloth. Ben hid in a closet with some coats. Ready or not, here I come! Mia shouted. She got out of her hiding spot and looked for Ben. She searched the boat, but she could not find him. She called his name, but he did not answer. Ben, where are you? Mia said. This is not fun anymore! She started to feel scared and lonely. She wished she had not left the park. She wanted to go back to her mom and dad. Meanwhile, Ben heard Mias voice. He wanted to surprise her, so he stayed quiet in his hiding spot. He thought she would find him soon. He did not know she was scared and lonely. He did not know the boat was about to move. Suddenly, the boat started to make a loud noise. It began to move on the lake. Ben and Mia felt the boat shake and sway. They both got out of their hiding spots and ran to the deck. They saw the water and the shore. They saw their mom and dad waving and shouting. Help! Help! Ben and Mia cried. We are on the boat! We want to go back! The boats driver heard their cries. He saw the two children on his boat. He was surprised and angry. He did not know they had sneaked on his boat. He turned the boat around and brought them back to the shore. He scolded them for being naughty and dangerous. Ben and Mia were sorry and scared. They hugged their mom and dad. They said they were sorry and they would never do it again. They learned their lesson. They decided to play hide and seek in the park, not on the boat.Lily and Ben love to play with their toys. They have many toys, but their favorite is the jet. The jet is big and red and makes a loud noise when they push a button. They like to pretend they are flying to far away places. One day, they decide to play with the jet in the living room. They put the jet on the floor and sit inside. They push the button and the jet makes a noise. They say, Ready, set, go! and pretend to fly. But the living room is not very big. The jet is too big for the space. It bumps into the couch, the table, the lamp. Lily and Ben feel uncomfortable. They have no room to move. They squeeze each other and say, Ouch! Mom hears the noise and comes to see. She sees the jet and the mess. She is not happy. She says, Lily and Ben, what are you doing? The jet is not for the living room. It is for outside. You are making a mess and hurting each other. Take the jet outside now! Lily and Ben feel sorry. They say, Sorry, Mom. We were just playing. They take the jet outside and put it in the yard. They have more room to play there. They are more comfortable. They say, Thank you, Mom. We love you. Mom smiles and says, I love you too. Have fun, but be careful.John was carrying a big box. He was very excited about it. He asked his mother, What is in the box? She said, It is jazz music. John smiled and said, Can I carry it? His mother smiled and said, Yes, you can carry it. John wanted to show everyone his new jazz music. He went to his neighbors house and knocked on the door. When they opened it, he said, I have jazz music! His neighbor smiled and said, Oh, that is nice. Let me hear it! John was so excited. He opened the box and played the jazz music. Everyone clapped and started dancing. John was so proud of himself. Suddenly, one of his friends made a mistake while dancing. John felt so ashamed that he put the music back in the box and quickly ran away. When he reached home, his mother saw him. She said, Why did you carry the music away? You were having so much fun! John said, I was too ashamed. His mother hugged him and said, Everyone makes mistakes, its okay.Once upon a time, there was a little girl called Jane. Jane loved to explore the world around her. One day, she went for a walk in the woods. As she walked, she felt something soft and wet under her thumb. She picked it up and saw that it was a slug! It was crawling very slow and Jane watched it go. Jane held the slug in her hands, feeling its slimy skin. She was so curious! She held the slug closer to her and looked at it up close. She noticed the slug had two big eyes, which looked a bit scary but also kind of cute. The slug slowly moved away and went back on the ground. Jane smiled as she watched it move away slowly. She put her thumb on her nose and waved goodbye to the slug. Jane waved as the slug went away slowly. She watched the slug until it was gone and she felt happy. Jane smiled and went home, feeling excited to share her adventure with her family.Once upon a time, a little girl named Lily wanted a cherry. She found a cherry tree and looked up at the cherries. They were so high up and she couldnt reach them. She stood looking at the tree and asked, How can I get those cherries? Just then a friendly bird flew down. He said, I can get you cherries. Ill make you a promise. If you wait here, Ill bring you a nice, juicy cherry. Lily smiled and waited. She watched the bird fly away. It wasnt very long before the bird came back with a cherry. It was wet from being in the rain but it was still tasty! Lily was so happy. She thanked the bird for keeping his promise and giving her a cherry. She ate the cherry and enjoyed it very much. From that day on, Lily remembered that sometimes good things come from keeping your promises. And cherries are best when they are wet!Amy was a young girl who loved to set the table. Every day, she would carefully place a plate at each of the four chairs. She was so happy when she got it right and felt successful. One day, when Amy was setting the table, her little brother wandered over. He knocked the plate off of the chair and it clattered to the floor, smashing into pieces. Amy was very upset and started to cry. She asked her brother, Why did you do that? Her brother shrugged and explained, I dont know. I wanted to see what would happen. Amy was so angry and sad. She realised her brother would never understand how much it would have meant to her to set a successful table. What a bad ending!Once upon a time, there was a little girl who had a pet squash. She called him Squishy. Every day, she would raise him up to play with him. They would skip around the garden, singing and laughing. The little girl loved Squishy so much that she wanted him to be as strong as a normal squash. So every morning, she would raise Squishy up and push him back down, over and over again. She was determined that he would grow strong. After a few weeks, Squishy was much bigger and he could even push up the little girl. He was so strong! The little girl was so proud of her pet squash. They were the best of friends and she knew that Squishy was the strongest squash in the garden.Once upon a time, in a small village, there was a hairy dog named Spot. Spot loved to play in the fields of wheat. One sunny day, Spot went to the wheat field to play. As Spot was running, he saw his friend, a little boy named Tim. Hi, Spot! Tim shouted. Spot wagged his tail and ran to Tim. They played together, laughing and having fun. But then, Spot began to run too fast and he started to stumble. Oh no, Spot! Tim said as he saw Spot stumble and fall. Tim ran to help Spot get up. Spot was okay, just a little dirty from the wheat field. They both laughed and continued to play until the sun went down. At the end of the day, Spot and Tim were tired but happy. They said goodbye to the wheat field and went back to their homes. See you tomorrow, Spot! Tim said. Spot barked happily, wagging his tail. They couldnt wait to play together again.Mommy and Daddy were getting ready to go out. Mommy put on her smart dress and Daddy put on his nice shirt. Mommy told Daddy, Its time to clean our shoes. Daddy smiled, took his shoe brush, and started to clean his shoes. Mommy also picked up hers, and cleaned them until they sparkled. Daddy smiled and said, Our shoes look so nice! Lets go out now. Mommy and Daddy stepped outside and Daddy pointed to the park. He said, Lets go there first. So they walked together until they reached the park. They saw some children playing and they waved to them. The children waved back with bright smiles. After a few hours, it was getting late. Mommy and Daddy said goodbye to the children and started to walk back home. Daddy said, Lets take a different route today. They decided to take a walk around the lake. It was a beautiful evening with the sun setting in the sky. Mommy and Daddy held hands and smiled. Soon they arrived back home and said, It was a really fun day. They hugged each other and Mommy said, Time to take off our nice clean shoes. Daddy smiled and agreed. Together they cleaned their shoes, put them away and said goodnight.Once upon a time there lived a poor family of five in a small village. The family had three children who loved playing in the fields and woods near their home. One day, while they were all playing, the eldest child suddenly shouted in excitement. His siblings ran over to see what it was and they saw a snake! It had bright green eyes, a brown body and a yellow tail. The youngest child was a bit scared at first, but the eldest said, There is nothing to be scared of! Snakes are curious and friendly creatures and they help keep the crops healthy. The children thought the snake was cool and they were all very excited! They asked their mom if they could keep the snake as a pet but she said no. This snake is too wild and it should be free! she said. The children were sad but they still had fun that day, playing and watching the snake. They kept it as a secret between them and they would remember the day with fondness.Tommy was walking through the forest. He was very excited, searching for a surprise. Suddenly, he stumbled on a branch and fell to the ground. Ouch! he yelled. But then he saw something. It was a box! He carefully picked it up and brushed off the dry leaves. On the shoulder of the box there was a sticker with one word written on it Surprise! Tommy was so excited that he couldnt wait to open it. He quickly took off the top and inside he saw a most beautiful thing he had ever seen. It was a toy truck! Tommy felt so happy that he jumped up and down and shouted, âœYay! Thank you, surprise!âOne day, Jane and her family went on a picnic. She was very excited, and ran ahead to find the perfect spot. Suddenly, Jane heard a loud noise. She felt frightened and looked around. She saw a big, furry animal in front of her. She screamed and started to run back to her family, who heard her and ran to help. The animal was a big bear! Janes father bravely walked towards it and tried to scare it away. He stamped his feet and shouted, and the bear ran away. Everyone was happy and relieved. The family all hugged Jane tightly, and they sat down to enjoy the rest of their picnic. Jane and her family decided to never go on a picnic again without a grown up leading the way as she had been frightened earlier by the bear. Every time her father told the story, Jane would giggle and repeat, be careful of bears.Once there was a beautiful blueberry bush. Every day different kinds of animals would come to visit the bush. One day, a rabbit hopped over to the bush. The rabbit was feeling very thirsty. He spotted a big, juicy blueberry and quickly ate it. Suddenly, the blueberry started to shrink! The rabbit was very confused. The rabbit hopped over to a nearby fox. What can you tell me about this blueberry? the rabbit asked. The fox replied, That blueberry is very different, it shrinks when you eat it!Once upon a time there was a little girl named Sam who hated zigzags. Everywhere she looked she saw zigzags and they made her angry. One day Sam took a walk in the park. As she was walking, the leaves were blowing in the wind and making zigzag shapes. Sam was very mad and started to yell. But then she noticed a calm lake. The lake was smooth, not zigzagged. Sam was so happy that she decided to sit down beside the lake and take a break from all the zigzags. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. She felt calmer and calmer. Sam never hated zigzags again. She still liked to look for them sometimes, but she never felt angry about them. She had learned that sometimes its nice to take a break from them.Once upon a time there was a hero who was brave and strong. She was always ready to help those who were in need. One day the hero was walking through the town when she heard a loud yelling. She looked around and saw a little boy, pushing against a wall but he couldnât move it. The hero rushed to help him, but she was surprised when the boy thanked her before she had even done anything. The hero then leaned against the wall and it quickly moved away. The boy was so happy! The hero smiled and said, âœYouâre a brave and strong little boy! You didnât need me after all!â The boy thanked the hero again and said, âœYou are a real hero!â The hero smiled and said, âœWe all can be heroes when we try our best!âOnce upon a time there was a little boat. It wanted to explore the world, so it sped away. It moved along very fast, but it didnt feel free. Despite going as fast as it could, it never seemed to get anywhere. One day, the little boat had an idea. It realized it needed something to slow it down and help it stay safe on its journey. The boat decided it should get an anchor! The anchor was dropped into the water and the boat felt secure. Now the boat could explore the world, but at a slower, safer speed. Whenever it needed to take a break and recharge, the anchor was there to keep the boat in one place. The little boat was still creative and vivacious. It explored and discovered many new things, as it travelled and experienced life at a slower pace. The moral of this story is to stay creative while being mindful of your own safety. Enjoy exploring, but always make sure you have a safe anchor to hold you back.Once upon a time, in a small garden, there lived a little ant. The ant liked to gather food for his family. Every day, he went out to find tasty things to eat. One day, the ant found a big, dull rock. He thought it was food, but it was not. He tried to gather the rock, but it was too heavy. The ant felt sad. Then, a friendly bug came to help. Together, they pushed the dull rock away. They found yummy food under the rock. The ant and the bug gathered the food and took it to their families. They were very happy.Mum was measuring something. She held the long gas in one hand and stretched the other hand over it. She said it was to help her measure the length. Dad was working hard. He had a big machine and he was turning lots of knobs and pushing lots of buttons. He was putting lots of gas into the machine. Dad said the gas would help make the machine work. Mum and Dad talked about measuring things. Dad told Mum that he was measuring the amount of gas that went into the machine. They needed to measure it very carefully to make sure it was the right amount. Mum and Dad kept working hard. After a while, they stopped and smiled. They both said they had measured the gas really well and their machine was going to work really beautifully.Once upon a time, there was a man named John. John had a big smile and was very enthusiastic. He had been planning an adventure for a very long time. Finally, the day had arrived. John set off on his journey, following a map he had found. He walked for a while, until he came to a big, old tree. As he started to turn away, he heard a strange noise. John walked closer and saw a little creature with purple skin. He was very small, no bigger than a penny! The creature was shouting and turning around and around. John was excited. John watched as the creature began to climb the tree and then disappear into a hole in the trunk. He couldnt believe what he had seen! John was now determined to find out more, so he quickly climbed the tree and followed the creature. To his surprise, he found himself in a magical world, full of amazing creatures. John was so excited, he couldnt believe his luck. He explored and discovered more and more until it was time for him to go home. John left that magical world with a smile on his face. His journey had been full of excitement and he had made some fascinating discoveries. He would never forget his adventure!Once there was a little girl named May. May was a curious person who liked to explore. She found an old mill and wanted to see what was inside. Wait here, May warned her mom. May went in the mill by herself. Inside the mill was something shiny. May was excited and wanted to attach it to her backpack. But as soon as she touched the object, a loud siren started to sound. May was scared and tried to run out the mill, but the door was locked. Mays mom heard the siren and came to help. But the police were already there. They saw May had taken the object from the mill and it was not good. May was taken to jail and never able to go back home.Jimmy and his friends were playing a game in the park. Jimmy had a goal of playing until the sun went down. Suddenly, the skies turned icy cold, and Jimmy could see that it was about to snow. He shouted to his friends, Lets go get our warm jackets, or else well be uncomfortable. But his friends disagreed. Lets stay and keep playing, they said. Jimmy wanted to keep playing too, but he also wanted to stay warm. He knew he had to do something. So Jimmy said something he couldnt believe Lets wear our coats while we play. Everyone agreed and they put on their warm jackets. Even though they were wearing the warm coats, they were still playing together and having lots of fun. Jimmy was glad he figured out a way to both stay warm and play with his friends. He reached his goal of playing until the sun went down!Once there was a child who wanted to meet someone special. One day, she went to a special place where she could get a massage. It was a magical place, and she was very excited. The child was greeted by a friendly lady who was going to give her the massage. She was careful and gentle with the child, and asked her to relax. The lady carefully moved her hands along the childs back until the massage was finished. The child felt very happy and calm when it was done. The child asked the lady if she could come back sometime. The lady said that she would be available any time the child wanted to come. The child was very happy and thanked the lady for the massage. They said goodbye and the child went away, knowing that she would meet the friendly lady again soon.Tom and Lily were playing with their toys in the living room. They liked to make houses and cars and animals with their blocks and dolls and cars. But they only had one roll of tape to stick things together. Tom wanted to use the tape to make a big tower with his blocks. Lily wanted to use the tape to make a dress for her doll. Give me the tape, Tom! Lily said. I need it for my doll! No, I need it for my tower! Tom said. You can use something else! They both pulled on the tape, trying to take it from each other. The tape stretched and snapped, and the pieces fell on the floor. Tom and Lily looked at the broken tape and started to cry. Mom heard their cries and came to the living room. She saw the mess and the tears and asked them what happened. We broke the tape, Mom! Tom and Lily said. We both wanted it and we pulled too hard! Mom hugged them and said, Im sorry, my loves. Tape is not for fighting. Tape is for sharing and making things together. Do you want to try again? Tom and Lily nodded and wiped their eyes. Mom gave them a new roll of tape and helped them to make a tower and a dress. They said sorry to each other and played nicely. They were happy again. The end.Once upon a time, there was a duck named Quackers. Quackers loved to swim in the pond with all his duck friends. One day, Quackers saw his friends swimming with a new duck who was very successful at swimming. Quackers wanted to be friends with the new duck too, so he asked if he could swim with them. But the new duck said, You cant swim with us because you are not successful like me. Quackers felt sad and alone. He didnt understand why he couldnt be friends with the new duck. So he went to his wise old friend, Mr. Owl, for advice. Mr. Owl told Quackers that being successful is not just about being good at one thing. Its about being kind and including others, even if they are not as good as you at something. Quackers realized that he had been excluding other ducks who were not as good at swimming as him. He decided to include everyone in his swimming group, and soon he had many new friends. Quackers learned that being successful is not just about being good at something, but also about being kind and inclusive to others.Once upon a time, there was a small boy named Jack. Jack loved music a lot. He would listen to it every day and dance to the beat. One day, Jacks mom took him to a big music concert. Jack was very excited and danced along with everyone. But suddenly, he felt sad because he couldnt see the stage very well. It was too big for his small eyes. But then, Jacks mom remembered something. She had brought a small stool for Jack to sit on. Jack was so happy and could see the stage perfectly. He danced and sang along with the music all night long. From that day on, Jack always remembered to bring his small stool to music concerts. He never missed a beat again!Anna and Ben were twins who liked to play outside. One day, they saw a big truck parked near their house. They were curious and wanted to see what was inside. They sneaked behind the truck and opened the door. Inside, they saw many boxes and bags. They wondered what was in them. They decided to open one box and reveal what was inside. They tore the tape and lifted the lid. They gasped when they saw many shiny things. They were jewels! Anna and Ben were excited and wanted to take some jewels. They thought they could keep them or trade them for toys. They reached for the jewels, but then they heard a loud noise. It was the truck driver. He had seen them and was angry. He shouted at them and ran towards them. Anna and Ben were fearful and dropped the box. They ran away from the truck, but they did not look where they were going. They ran into the street, where there was a lot of traffic. Cars and bikes were honking and braking. Anna and Ben were scared and confused. They did not know how to cross the street safely. Luckily, a kind lady saw them and helped them. She took them by the hand and led them to the sidewalk. She asked them where they lived and why they were in the street. Anna and Ben told her what they had done. They felt ashamed and sorry. The lady told them that they had done a very bad thing. She said that the jewels were not theirs and that they could have been hurt or caught by the police. She said that they should never take things that belong to others and that they should always be careful near traffic. She said that they should go home and tell their parents what they had done. Anna and Ben nodded and thanked the lady. They walked home and told their parents everything. Their parents were very upset and disappointed. They scolded them and made them return the jewels to the truck driver. They also made them apologize and promise to never do it again. Anna and Ben learned their lesson. They realized that they had been greedy and foolish. They decided to be more honest and respectful from then on. They also decided to be more careful and listen to their parents when they played outside.Once upon a time, there was a bear. The bear was thin. He lived in a big forest with many trees. One day, the bear met a little girl. The little girl saw the thin bear and said, You are so thin! The bear felt embarrass. He did not like being called thin. The bear wanted to be big and strong. So, he ate a lot of food. He ate and ate until he was not thin anymore. Now, the bear was big and strong. The little girl saw the bear again and said, You are so big and strong! The bear was happy and not embarrass anymore. They became good friends and played in the forest together.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to play outside in the sun. One day, she found a rope on the ground. She picked it up and saw that it had a knot in the middle. She tried to untie the knot, but it was too hard. So, she decided to stretch the rope to see if it would come undone. Lily pulled and pulled on the rope until it finally stretched enough for her to untie the knot. She was so happy and proud of herself for being so strong. She decided to share her rope with her friends and they all played tugofwar together. Lily was very generous and let her friends have turns with the rope. They all had so much fun playing together in the sunshine. From that day on, Lily always looked for ways to help her friends and be a generous little girl.Once upon a time, there was a dog named Max. Max was very playful and loved to run in the park. One day, Maxs owner gave him a treat and told him to stay. Max sat down and waited patiently for his owner to come back. While Max was waiting, he saw some other dogs playing with their owners. Max wanted to play too, but he knew he had to stay until his owner came back. Finally, his owner returned and Max got to play with his favorite ball. Max was so happy that he wagged his tail and licked his owners face. His owner gave him another treat for being such a good boy and staying when he was told to. From that day on, Max knew that if he stayed when he was told to, he would always get to play and get treats too.Once upon a time, there were two brothers, John and Michael. One day, John and Michael were playing in the kitchen. John said to Michael, Lets see what we can find in the refrigerator. Michael thought this was a great idea and opened the door. Inside, there was a lot of food. The brothers were so excited! They began to take out the food and put it on the counter. Suddenly, there was a loud crash! John and Michael quickly turned around and saw their mother. She was very mad. Her face looked harsh and her voice was loud. She said, Put all of this food back in the refrigerator now! John and Michael were scared of their mothers harsh tone. They put the food back in the refrigerator and went to their rooms. The two brothers never want to open the refrigerator again after that day.Once upon a time, there was a little boy. His name was Frank. He was only 3 years old and he loved to explore. One day, Frank was walking through the park. He saw something funny. It was a triangle. It was shiny and fragile. Frank wanted to touch it. Frank stumbled across the park towards the triangle. He reached out his hand to touch it, but it was too slippery. He put his other hand on it and suddenly it moved. Frank started to laugh as the triangle began to roll away. It rolled and rolled until it crashed into something else. Frank looked closer and saw it had crashed into a pile of glass. The glass was very fragile. Rhyme had broken it. Frank was very sad. He had made a mistake. Frank used his little hands to carefully pick up all the pieces of the glass. He was careful not to put too much pressure on the glass, as it was very fragile. When he had finished, the park was all clean. Frank looked down at the triangle. He realized that he had been very lucky. He vowed to never stumble across the park again, but always to take small steps.Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to explore the forest near her house. One day, she went on an adventure and discovered a secret cave. Inside the cave, she found a shiny cord that sparkled in the light. Lily was so excited about her discovery that she ran back home to tell her mother. Mommy, I found a secret cave and a shiny cord! she exclaimed. Her mother looked at the cord and said, Lily, that cord is foolish. Its not real gold. Lily didnt care. She was still happy to have found something new and exciting. From that day on, Lily continued to explore the forest and discover new things. She learned that even if something seems foolish to others, it can still be valuable to her.Once upon a time, there was a perfect red ball. The ball had a number on it. The number was 3. The ball liked to play with a little boy named Tim. One day, Tim and the ball went to the park. They played catch and rolled on the grass. They had so much fun together. Tim saw a cut on the grass. He wondered who made the cut. Tim showed the cut to the ball. They both looked at it. A little squirrel came by and said, I made the cut. Tim and the ball smiled. They played with the squirrel until the sun went down. Then, they went home to rest.Sara loved to read books. She read books every day. She read books about animals, about space, about fairy tales. She learned many new things from books. One day, Sara found an envelope on her bed. It was from her grandma. Sara opened the envelope and saw a letter and a picture. The letter said Dear Sara, I miss you very much. I hope you are happy and healthy. I am sending you a picture of a unique bird. It is called a toucan. It has a big and colorful beak. It lives in the rainforest. I saw it when I visited Brazil. I hope you like it. Love, Grandma. Sara smiled and looked at the picture. She had never seen a bird like that before. It was very beautiful and different. She wanted to learn more about it. She ran to her mom and showed her the picture. Mom, look! Grandma sent me a picture of a unique bird. It is a toucan. Do you know anything about it? Mom hugged Sara and said, Wow, that is a very special gift from Grandma. She loves you very much. A toucan is a very interesting bird. It can eat fruits and nuts with its beak. It can make loud noises to communicate with other toucans. It can fly very fast and far. Do you want to read a book about toucans with me? Sara nodded and said, Yes, please! I want to read a book about toucans. I want to know more about them. Thank you, Mom. And thank you, Grandma. Mom and Sara went to the library and found a book about toucans. They read it together and learned many facts and stories about the unique bird. Sara enjoyed reading the book and asked many questions. Mom answered them and praised Sara for being curious and smart. Sara felt happy and grateful. She learned that reading books can help her discover new things and appreciate the diversity of life. She also learned that her grandma and mom love her and support her learning. She decided to write a thank you letter to her grandma and tell her what she learned about toucans. She also drew a picture of a toucan and put it in an envelope. She hoped that her grandma would like it and smile. The moral value of the story is Reading books can enrich your mind and broaden your horizons. You can also show your love and gratitude to others by sharing what you learn and create.Once upon a time, there was a little black dog named Spot. Spot loved to play with his ball. He would run and jump and catch the ball all day long. Spots ball was his favorite toy in the whole world. One day, Spot was playing with his ball near the side of the house. He threw the ball up high in the sky, but when it came down, it rolled under a big bush. Spot looked and looked, but he could not find his ball. He was very sad and started to cry. Spots friend, a little girl named Lily, saw him crying and asked, Why are you sad, Spot? Spot told her about his lost ball. Lily said, Dont worry, Spot. I will help you find it! They looked under the bush and found the ball. Spot was so happy that he forgot he was ever sad. He wagged his tail and licked Lilys face to say thank you. From that day on, Spot and Lily were the best of friends and never left each others side.Molly loved her bicycle. She always rode it up and down her street. Whenever the day was bright, she would take it out of her tight garage. She always put her seat and her handlebars just so. She was so proud of it and always gave it a big hug. One day, she tried to ride it and her legs were too short. She needed help to make it go. Her mom saw her struggling and taught her how to pedal and how to keep it steady. Molly was so happy and felt so proud when she finally rode it on her own. She was spinning around in her drive way and the experience was just grand! From then on, Molly and her bicycle were like two best friends. They were together all the time, and she would love to ride it even when days were gray. She would wobble and try new tricks and her mom watched her with a smile. Mollys bicycle was tight on days that it rained. But she always liked to take it out to feel the warm sun on her face. Her bicycle was her pride and joy and she would never trade it for anything else in the world.Once upon a time, there was a fireman named Tom. Tom was a little unusual because he had a big, red hat and a very long nose. He was always happy and loved to help people. One day, a little girl named Jane saw Tom and had a question. She asked, Why do you have such a big, red hat and a long nose? Tom smiled and said, Its because I am special and different from other firemen. But thats what makes me good at my job. Later that day, there was a fire in a big house. Tom and the other firemen went to put out the fire. The fire was very hot and scary, but Toms big, red hat and long nose helped him get close to the fire and put it out quickly. After the fire, Jane saw Tom again and said, Thank you for saving the house! Now I know that being different is not bad, but it can be very good. Tom smiled and said, Thats right! Being unusual makes us special, and we can use our differences to help others. And so, Jane learned a valuable lesson its good to be different, and we should celebrate our unusual qualities because they make us who we are.George was walking home one day. He saw a cross and thought he should be careful. He paused and then took some small steps towards it. It was of wood and was bigger than George. He was so excited to see it and he knew it was an important sign. He decided to be careful and took some more slow steps. It made him feel brave to get close to it. As he walked closer he could smell the wood. He wanted to touch it, but he was a bit scared so he paused to take a breath. He slowly put his finger on it and his heart was racing. George smiled and slowly backed away. Then he ran home and was very proud of himself that he had been so careful.Once upon a time, there lived a little kangaroo. She was very adventurous, so one day she set out on a journey. The kangaroo hopped through the fields. Soon, she came across a group of children playing together. The kangaroo hopped closer, and one of the children got very excited. Child Look! A kangaroo! The other children all ran over, clapping and cheering as the kangaroo hopped. The kangaroo felt excited, and so she clapped her little paws too. The children and kangaroo played for hours, hopping and clapping together. They had a wonderful time, and afterwards the kangaroo hopped away, ready for more adventures.John and his mommy decided to go for a walk in the park together. John was so happy to be outside and ran in circles, feeling dizzy. Suddenly he spotted a big structure in the center of the park. As he got closer, he quickly realized that it was a tall tower. He begged his mommy to let him go up, which she eventually agreed to. John and his mommy went to the top of the tower and John was amazed. He felt so tall and important. But suddenly he started to feel dizzy again and realized he had climbed too high. Suddenly his mommy grabbed him and they both quickly started to make their way back down. However, John was so nervous he stumbled and he and his mommy quickly lost their footing and both started tumbling down the steep tower. As they reached the bottom, the both lay motionless. John had realized climbing the tower was too dangerous and had a bad ending.Once upon a time there was a boy who loved to play basketball. He was always very fancy in his basketball outfit and would practise everyday. He was the best basketball player in his small town and all the people were impressed. One day, the boy was worried because there was a big basketball game coming up and he was scared that he might lose. He thought to himself, What if I dont win? He started to worry more and more. That night, the boy had a dream. In his dream, an angel came down from the sky and said, Dont worry! You will do great! Just trust yourself and show everyone your best basketball moves! The boy was so happy and he woke up feeling much better. So, on the day of the big game, the boy was feeling much calmer and he was determined to win. He played his best and he did it! Everyone cheered when the boy won the basketball game. The boy was very happy and he knew that sometimes, its okay to worry. As long as you do your best, everything will be alright.Lily and Ben are playing in the garden. They have many toys to play with. They have a ball, a bike, a doll, a car, and a file. A file is a thing that makes other things smooth. Lily likes the file. She likes to file her nails and make them shiny. Can I play with the file? Ben asks Lily. No, it is mine. You can play with the ball or the bike or the doll or the car, Lily says. But I want to play with the file. It is fun. Please, Lily, let me have a turn, Ben says. Lily thinks for a moment. She likes to share, but she also likes the file. She has to choose. She looks at Ben. He looks sad. She looks at the file. It looks nice. OK, Ben, you can play with the file. But only for a little while. Then you have to give it back to me, Lily says. Thank you, Lily. You are a good friend. I will be careful with the file. I will not break it or lose it, Ben says. Lily and Ben are happy. They play with the file and the other toys. They take turns and share. They have fun in the garden.Once upon a time, there was a young fox. The fox often explored the forest, looking for fun and adventure. One day, the fox met an old dragon. The dragon was wise and had seen many things in his long life, so he decided to teach the young fox a lesson. The dragon said Today, I will teach you how to be brave. Follow me. The fox and the dragon came to a deep cave. Inside the cave was a very hot flame. The dragon said, This is where I will teach you how to be brave. Jump into the flame and I will help you to get out. The fox was scared but he trusted the dragon and carefully jumped into the flame. The dragon laughed and said You have been brave! No matter how hard things get in life, you must be brave and never give up! The dragon and the fox left the cave, and the fox never forgot the dragons lesson. He kept his courage and kept exploring the forest. The fox learned that by being brave, you can find new friendships and experience great adventures.Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to play in his backyard. One day, he lost his favorite toy car in the grass. Timmy searched and searched but could not find it. Timmys mom came outside and asked him what he was doing. Timmy told her he was searching for his toy car. His mom helped him look, and after a while, they were successful! They found the toy car in the bushes. Timmy was so happy and thanked his mom for helping him. From then on, Timmy made sure to keep his toys in a safe place so he wouldnt lose them again. The end.Tom and Sam were brothers who liked to play outside. One day, they saw a big dog in the park. The dog had a steak in his mouth. Tom and Sam both wanted the steak. They thought it looked yummy. Lets get the steak from the dog, Tom said. He was brave and greedy. He ran towards the dog and tried to grab the steak. Wait, Tom, thats not nice! Sam said. He was kind and smart. He knew the dog would be angry and scared. The dog saw Tom and barked loudly. He showed his sharp teeth and growled. Tom was afraid and stopped. He started to tremble. He wished he had listened to Sam. Sam ran to Tom and hugged him. He said, Its okay, Tom, Im here. The dog is not bad, he just wants his steak. We should not take what is not ours. We should be happy with what we have. Tom nodded and said, Youre right, Sam, Im sorry. I was envious of the dog and his steak. But I have you and our toys and our food. I dont need the steak. I love you, Sam. Sam smiled and said, I love you too, Tom. Come on, lets go home and share a cookie. The dog watched them leave and wagged his tail. He was glad they did not bother him anymore. He ate his steak and enjoyed it. The end. Moral Do not be greedy and envious of what others have. Be kind and grateful for what you have.One day, Jack was walking through a giant forest. He had never been there before and each tree looked big and unknown. Suddenly, he heard a rustling sound. It was coming from behind one of the trees. Jack looked carefully and saw a little animal. It was a rabbit! Hello, said Jack, cautiously. The rabbit looked scared and tried to hide behind the tree. Jack stepped closer. The rabbit jumped and tried to escape! Jack smiled. Its OK, he said. I wont hurt you. The rabbit stopped and looked at Jack. Its nose twitched as it stepped closer. Jack knew he had made a friend. With that, they were off, exploring the forest and all its unknown secrets.Once there was a little girl who parted ways with her family in the morning. She loved to explore new things and found herself in a big forest. The forest looked very different and it was new to her. She adventured around the forest, discovering new things as she went. She saw a lot of trees and animals that she had never seen before. She was mesmerised by the new sights and sounds. After some time exploring, the little girl had worked up an appetite. She found some juicy berries to munch on and took a rest. When she felt rested and full, she slowly parted ways with the forest and made her way home. She was excited to tell her family about her amazing day in the new forest!